This week, subjectively the hardest game in history, Takeshi's Challenge has come to
iOS and Android in Japan for fans to relive Takeshi Kitano's masterwork of the 8-bit era.
This is just one highlight of the week's gaming news, join us for plenty more, starting right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week at the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 697 for this,
August the 20th of 2017. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E,
joining me by my side. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I want a beer. You want a beer? Right now. I don't have beer, I have wine. Actually,
because that song, I wish you were a beer, was stuck in my head. What song is that? It came out
in the 90s. It's called I Wish You Were a Beer. There were a lot of great songs that came out in
the 90s though. So wait, I wish you were a beer? Who sang it? I wish, hold on, I'm gonna find out,
I forgot who did it. Somebody in our chat room will know, I promise you, over at live.vognetwork.com
because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Cycle Sluts From Hell. Of course, the band that's up your alley.
Were you calling? 1991.
Wait, was that the name of the band or was that you calling our chat room?
That was the name of the band. Okay, all right.
Cycle Sluts From Hell, I Wish You Were a Beer. All right, fantastic. Well, if you want a beer,
come join our chat room and wish for one because I don't have any. Live.vognetwork.com,
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, every week at the Voice Geeks Network,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. It's gonna be a fortune cookie one day.
It should be. It's a good message. I like that. Say hello as well to, I don't know if he has a
beer, but it's Techmaster Loki. No, I know.
Yeah, you have like a 7-Up or a Sprite over there, right? Or what is that?
It's a Pepsi. It's a Pepsi.
It was a Pepsi. It was a Pepsi.
It's since been devoured. Now it is nothing.
Gone forever. How are you doing?
I'm full, except, you know, I went to Roundtable again, despite them fighting me.
Pizza place on the West Coast. Not everybody has them.
Sorry. Yeah. Pizza place. So I got more breadsticks because we had, they have like a,
they were doing a, like a rewards program type thing that they're phasing out Friday.
And I had like enough points for like free breadsticks and stuff. I was like,
I got to use it up or use it or lose it. So yep. You know, as much, even though I got breadsticks
last week and I was going to go to El Pollo Loco this week, I'm like, okay, I get breadsticks
again. Use those points. And then next week I'll go play a local.
Another, another West Coast chain. And they just, I shouldn't give away where I live totally,
but I guess, well, there's a brand new one nearby, nearby. We'll say that near-ish. And,
uh, so, um, Loki it's, it's, I think not out of the way for you really on your drive over here.
Um, so you are thinking about going there on the regular, right? Cause that's pretty good.
I don't know. I'll put it as fast as food goes. It's pretty good.
The other one that I haven't been going to really is, um, Jim boys tacos,
which I actually went there the other day and I'm like, man, I forgot how good this is.
And these are all like local places and our people back East are like, what the
hell is he talking about? It's a taco stand. It's it's it's American style tacos.
It's it's good. They, they kept top of them like Parmesan cheese.
Yeah. They put Parmesan cheese on them, which is like, you wouldn't think,
you wouldn't think it's good, but it's good. But it's, it's really good.
And so I found that there's one on the way as well, because all the other ones I knew about
were like in the opposite direction. So. All right. Stop talking about food. You're
making us all hungry. We're here to talk about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle
and all that good stuff. Let's get into some video game chat actually here at the top of the show.
Uh, let's talk a little bit about games com because games com is about to kick off. It's
about to get underway. I don't, what, when do they do their show? Is it, is it like a Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday thing? Like E3? Uh, yeah, I don't remember. Okay. I know. I thought it was,
you know, I kind of got blindsided. I thought it was the weekend. And then I heard that Microsoft
was doing their like pre games com announcement thing today. And I was like, on a Sunday,
I was like, Nintendo's got a presentation. It sounds like a repeat of the tree house stuff,
but they're doing something, um, next couple of days, I think Monday or Tuesday. So there's,
so games comes in the middle of the week, like E3, I was like Monday through Thursday or something
like that. I don't know why I didn't think of that. Bobby Black Wolf and chat says it's all
week. The beginning is industry only and later is open to the public. Okay. That makes more sense.
They should do with like E3, E3 should just copy that model. It's been there getting there.
They're getting there. No, I'm serious. Like they tried it this year where they just open it up and
it was a big old mess. They should, I mean, it's worked for games com for how long now that this
format, why don't they just copy it? Do what Apple and like the other companies do when they see
something that works, they copy it and they make it better. So like you don't make it worse. That's
not what you want to do. So. They put their own spin on it. Exactly. Um, guys, you don't,
our chat over at live.vog network.com says too many cons, man. Not to, not to be on a tangent,
but I'm gonna, cause this is OLR, but if you guys know, is it just me or does it seem like within
the past Oh five years or so, there are more conventions in general. And I don't just mean
like gaming conventions on a national scale. I mean like local stuff. Maybe we're just paying
attention to it more. Are we? It just seems like everyone, maybe it's that Facebook, Twitter,
social media age we live in where I'm aware of more of it now. Was it, my coworker was asking
me if I was going to the, the Sacramento con SAC anime because they got, I guess they have the
voice actors from Overwatch there. Oh, I didn't even know that. I do know like all the power
Rangers are going to be there. So Shane was going to go, but he had a, he had a thing. He's not
going now. So, um, at least I don't think he is. So, um, but yeah, that I know is, uh, something
that was, I haven't been there since what the last time we've broadcast there, like at seven
or eight in the morning or something like that. That wasn't even the full SAC anime. I don't think
that was like a day con or, uh, or even before that, when they used to do it like in sunrise
mall, like they would actually have, like, do you remember that the, the McDonald's that wasn't
there anymore, they would literally put curtain in front of the windows and they would project
stuff. And that was one of the screening rooms. It was an old ass McDonald's that wasn't open
anymore. Yeah. So I don't, it just seems like there's, there's so much more stuff here locally
anyway, but, uh, anyhow. Um, okay. So what I really want to talk about games con, uh,
was I wanted to talk about the Microsoft event that they did earlier today. So they kind of
announced a few things sorta. I mean, like, you know, they weren't, they didn't drop anything
like big, there was no like big, big bombshells, but there was a few things that they put out
there. Namely, of course they are trying to push the Xbox one X. And so some of the big things they
talked about. More games getting 4k updates. That seemed to be a really big message that the old
library is getting updated. And I definitely sense this, uh, kind of emphasis, if you will,
on like old is new again, between these 4k updates and really pushing backwards back compatibility
and that whole thing. I thought you said it was out of style. Well, now it's retro. Exactly.
What's old. Like they were showing guys is fashionable again. They were showing something.
I think it may have been recourse, something like that. And maybe talking about 4k updates for that.
Your record was one of them. It just didn't look that great. I mean, like, I mean, don't get me
wrong recourse, probably a great game, but like the footage that they were showing, I'm like,
I can't see how putting this in 4k is going to make this look any better. Well, it pales next
to fours, but for right. Exactly. It was designed to be a 4k game. Recore was not, they're going
back and updating recourse, but I mean, it's not just that it's, um, uh, quantum break was
obviously the one I picked up that, you know, that's a huge deal. They said they were going
back and doing family friendly titles as well, that they really wanted to emphasize that part
of their library. Yeah. I did notice one of the things that they were talking about in,
and this was actually a rerelease. Like I think they're actually going to sell them again is
on the Xbox one X or Xbox one, they're going to be selling, um, the Disney, uh, adventure game,
which remember connect adventures, remember that shit. Um, so Disney adventures was kind of a
sequel spinoff of that, where you use the connected to Disney theme games, but come
along the same lines. And then they also had a Pixar one that was kind of similar.
And then they had, um, the zoo tycoon game that was also a connect game. I don't know if that
one also had controller support originally, but now they're going back and they're adding
controller support to these and they're also supporting 4k.
Although honestly, I think these games came out like during the three 60 era. I mean,
uh, I can't imagine that it's gonna be really worth it. Like I'm not like, Oh shit. I really
passed on Disney adventures before, but now that it's 4k fuck. Yeah. Let me get in on that.
Well, maybe they're just trying to really cater to people who did like completely
miss these games the first time around. I mean, I can understand why they're trying
to take a family friendly approach. It's something that I think Sony's a little weaker on.
But Nintendo is very strong in that department. So I don't, I mean,
I don't know where Microsoft's trying to land in that whole picture, but you know,
it'll be interesting. I don't know. What do you kind of think? I open this up to everybody
really here in studio. What do you guys think about like Microsoft and their position right
now? Just in general, like what are your feelings when it comes to Xbox?
They have a big problem where they're competing with themselves. And like the big problem is that
they have windows 10 and they put out their games on windows 10. I have a windows 10 PC
and all these things that they keep pushing out and like saying, Oh yeah, here's why you need to
get an Xbox one X. It doesn't sell it for me. Cause it's like, I see this game like, Oh yeah,
player on player unknowns battlegrounds is going to be coming to Xbox one. I'm like,
but I have a PC it's already on PC. I don't need to buy an Xbox for that. Or,
you know, Hey, you're going to play crackdown three, which will also be on PC and next year,
next year. But that's fine, you know, next year, but all these games that they're showing,
I can also get on my PC. And so there's not really anything driving me to, I need to buy it.
And even with the Xbox one X, I don't have a 4k TV. I don't, there's nothing really pushing me.
There's nothing saying that I need to get this for this reason. Like 4k is going to be awesome,
but I'm just going to wait because aside from gaming content in which there really isn't a
whole ton of it right now, there's nothing. There's not a lot that can be displayed in 4k
right now. The content hasn't caught up to that. A couple of things with that. Um, first off,
we should kind of quickly address that crackdown delay because that was big news that came up this
week that I wanted to address the top of the show. But if you hadn't heard crackdown three
did get officially delayed until next year, they're not going to make the holiday. But I
think when it comes to game delays at this point, I think there's, I kind of get like a shift in the
gaming public at large on Twitter is I think people have come to accept that a game delay
isn't always necessarily bad news. And I think a lot of people, at least I know I am with this
crackdown news. I'm like, okay, well, if it needs it, delay it because there's just been,
you know, and we'll get into this later in the show, but there's obviously one big game. You
all know what I'm talking about that we got some news on this week. We'll get into later.
They really should have been delayed again. That wasn't, you know, and now it's paying the price
for not being, it's paying way too big of a price for not being delayed again. So there's, there's
a part of me that's like, if you should, if you need to delay games, just, just do it, just do it.
But it does put Microsoft in that awkward position of, well, shit, there went one of our
largest holiday things that we're pushing. So now it's like the message that I'm seeing at a games
comm is, well, we have Forza and then look at this vast library of shit you never played before
that we're going to make all new again. So we got this whole big library you haven't explored,
so come on over. But that was one thing I wanted to say with that. The second thing I want to say
with that is, if you go over to Windows 10 for your gaming, is that really a loss for Microsoft?
I'm not so sure it is. It's not, but it's gonna hurt Xbox maybe, but Microsoft doesn't exactly
lose. No, they don't lose from that. But you know, it's just, I don't know, it's not gonna give me
the buy their console, I guess. But then they don't really need for me to buy a console because
I have Windows, I guess. But I don't know. I didn't buy Windows, it just came on my machine.
Dungeon Buster in chat says Microsoft will keep going. They won't give up and will try a lot of
things to generate interest and draw crowds like the decision to publish PUBG for the Xbox One.
Kajudo in chat says Crackdown is going to be the new Duke Nukem. The game won't come out till it's
a 20 year internet joke. No, it hasn't been in development that long. Not that long. I mean,
it was announced some time ago, but I think at least, I think what's happening here is that
clearly a decision was made to shift Crackdown into a 4K game. Like, Crackdown was not going to
be what it is now, and that is a big boost for the Xbox One X. I think Crackdown's kind of like
visibility got shifted. It's kind of, okay, let's talk about games that should have been delayed for
a minute. It's kind of what happened with No Man's Sky and PlayStation 4, right? That was rushed
out. Right. And that now I think we're all at a point where it's like, wow, No Man's Sky probably
would have benefited if it delayed. Yeah. If it released with what it has now, that would have,
it would have been a very successful game. So now with Crackdown, I think maybe Microsoft's
taking that approach that, you know what, maybe we should just go ahead and delay it so we don't
have a No Man's Sky thing on our hands. But I think it's one of those cases where it's like
Crackdown was supposed to be this big bolster for the Xbox One X, and so they've kind of put
more into it than was probably there before, including, you know, now the big name talent
that we have attached to this game and everything, you know, that probably all wasn't there when the
game was first in development. So I think what's happening with Crackdown is a little bit different,
but again, if it had to be delayed for that reason, fine. You know, again, there's other
games where it's very clear the development happened in the last year, or maybe they should
have delayed it another year. Final Fantasy XV, actually, now that, you know, gosh, not even
one that's in the news this week, but I'm thinking of all these games now. No Man's Sky should have
been delayed. Final Fantasy XV. Final Fantasy XV. I should really go back, or Just Cause 3,
another one that came out and it was just broken, still kind of broken now. I mean,
there's a lot of games that get put out that are just buggy or just not ready to go.
Yeah. I mean, like, I don't, are we past the moratorium on spoilers of Final Fantasy XV yet?
I won't. I won't. I haven't played it. I won't. Let me just say, but I will start to talk a little
more. I'm not gonna spoil anything, but I just will say the end section of the game, for those
that have been there, past the infamous chapter 13, this would be chapter 14 or 15. I can't
remember my mind, but it was really odd to me that that whole section of the game was not expanded on
in a major way. And I feel like if Final Fantasy XV had been delayed, it would have been.
So it's just, again, I don't, it's just going to be with any of the expansions that are coming out?
No, now the expansions are all like these weird side game things. Like Prompto is like a completely
different type of game, practically. It's like another thing that exists in the XV universe.
They have the multiplayer thing coming to XV, but I totally missed the boat on the beta test
because that all happened when I was... It's just like, it's so disappointing that,
remember when they were showing off the VR, kind of teasing the VR support for XV,
and then now it's a fishing game? It's like, come on.
SHO 100 Matt says, was Final Fantasy XIV original release a product of rushing to get it out,
or just bad that required a total remodel from scratch? Yeah, the original Final Fantasy XIV
was just, it was rushed bad. It was really, and they paid the price for it. But when they went
back and did it, they put together a really great game in a really short amount of time,
all things considered. So I mean, Final Fantasy XIV is a very interesting, like, I don't think
there'll ever be another video game like it. It's very interesting. But anyway, we got a little off
track with the Gamescom stuff. I didn't really check in with you, Jamie. I know your household
doesn't have Xbox One right now. I mean, where's your guys' head out with Microsoft? Is it just
one of those, we don't care because everything we need is Sony or Nintendo right now? Or where's
your, yeah, that, you know, Microsoft is all bark, bark, bark, bark, bark, bark, bark. I'm
like, okay, good. So you feel like with Microsoft, you don't get a lot of, like, I guess there's not
a lot of meaning behind the words. That's it. I'm just trying to interpret what you're saying.
Nothing really that I care about yet. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, especially nowadays when you're
purchasing, when you have multiple game systems, it's all about what console exclusives they have
and what console exclusives do they have? Because there's not a lot coming out anymore. It's like
Forza seven. I'm not into SIM driving games. So it's not horizon, you know, horizon three.
That was one of those four K updates. That's cool. Yeah. Um, but you know, I've got a PC
that can run Forza horizon three now. Really nice. And so I, yeah, I just don't need it.
I think I'm in a really similar place when it goes, and I mentioned this after E3,
the way I felt about Microsoft after E3 was, um, wow, I'm really sold on 4k gaming for my PC.
Well, on top of that though, on top of that, here's the other reason why I'm even with their
Microsoft games. I'm not entirely gung ho to jump into that. Cause if I want to play Forza horizon
three multiplayer, I got to pay 60 extra dollars a year. Oh, so Xbox live is live. And that's
another subscription that like, I don't get enough use out of. Yeah. But isn't, I mean,
to be fair, isn't that kind of, Oh, well, okay. I was gonna say, isn't that an industry standard
like Sony and soon Nintendo on consoles, but I own a PC. So fuck that noise. Oh,
do you ever, are you, maybe I shouldn't even say this out loud. Everybody's going to say, shut up,
shut up, Rob, shut up. Are you ever worried that Microsoft may take some of those games and
paywall gate them on Xbox gold because windows 10, they would have the technology to do that
if they wanted to. What do you mean paywall gate them? Meaning you would have to have
Xbox gold to play those games online, even on PC. I think you do on Xbox. Do you really buy
the store, buy it through the storefront? I think you have to have gold to play multiplayer.
I'm pretty sure you're right. You're probably doing, I don't know. I need somebody in the
chat to confirm that. Cause I don't know. I can't think. Oh no. Xbox live on PCs for you. Okay.
Well, sweet. Who said that? Wow. Okay. Well then I guess that solves that problem.
Interesting. Interesting. Hmm. All right. Well maybe can you do the cross play without Xbox
goal? I wonder, I wonder if, yeah, I wonder if Microsoft, maybe, maybe that's what Microsoft
needs to do. Like if they really want to turn some heads and the Xbox live gold or keep it as a,
yeah, I know bingo. Here's what you do. Here's the deal. Got it. I know. I know the answer.
Are you ready? Everybody ready? Xbox gold. You no longer need it for multiplayer.
Xbox gold instead is their new Netflix games thing. Done. Done. Right. That's that would
turn so many heads if they did that. It would be nice. I mean, I, I don't understand why
aside from numbers, cause obviously people playing on the X windows 10 store are probably
a lot less than, you know, on Xbox live on console, but where do they get off thinking
that they can charge, you know, for online play on consoles where PC you, you don't, I mean,
I don't know. It's just kind of stupid. And it's, it's lucky for them that for the, you know,
great game and like crackdowns probably gonna be a great game, but you know, anything else that's
multiplayer out there, you know, I could get on PC, like call of duty or something like that.
Might want to play, you know, steam money to play online. That's ridiculous.
Yeah. I I'm that's, that would be my advice for Microsoft. And granted, I, I realized this could
be a huge financial thing or whatever, but like just end Xbox gold and change it into,
for people that already have it, give them the Netflix thing instead. Um, like, cause I have
Xbox gold through February, but if they were to say, you know what, we're no longer, we're going
to require it from multiplayer, but for those of you that already bought it, you're going to get
the game pass for the time that you had Xbox gold or whatever, I would be perfectly satisfied.
I would not be upset. It'd be great, you know, compared to, I mean, they're not going to do that,
but I don't think they will either. But I just think, I think heads like, like Microsoft,
if Microsoft wants to get fucking noticed right now in this contest with Sony and Nintendo and
all this stuff that would do it like to, to shatter the industry expectation right now,
which is, Oh, if you're on console, you're going to pay money to play online because now even
Nintendo is going to be doing that. I just, I don't Microsoft were to shatter that it would
turn heads. Like I just think it's so ridiculous to say, you know, Oh, well, you know, cost money
to run service. Yeah, I get it. It costs money to run service, but why on PC, you know, and then
we're talking like the most popular games here, why on PC, like player unknowns battleground or
something like that. Why are they charging for online there? They have the run service too.
Why is it so hard for the console manufacturers and console makers and console publishers out
there to run online servers, which let's be honest that a lot of them kind of suck.
And on top of that, they're charging you for a season pass for all this unnecessary DLC.
And then on top of that, they're, you know, double dipping with, you know,
microtransactions and games and loot boxes and all that nonsense. Why do they think that they
can get away with that? Well, I know why they think they can get away with that because you've
been paying it all this time. And this is kind of something you're used to now. Well, stop being
used to that. Start complaining about don't play games on consoles. Uh, and Bobby brings up a
point in chat here that says, I assume this is some administrators who run Xbox live servers
demand that they be paid for their time as well. So they do need money to run their servers. Sure.
Running servers isn't free, but couldn't that money come from another place? Like,
like Loki is saying, these expansions that come on for games and so forth, the money that they
sell when they make the system, you know, other parts of the ecosystem. Here's why you're saying
like, I've been doing it up until now. I get it. I get it. Once again, you know,
they need money for their service. Sony just recently started demanding money for a multiplayer.
It wasn't a problem on the PlayStation three. Why is it a problem now? And if you're going to say,
Oh, well, more people are playing. Well, you're selling more copies. You're bringing in more
money. So what is the problem again? I would just point to on PC. It's not about not a problem.
It's not a problem PC. Yes, I get it. It's less people claim, but you know,
it's all scalable servers all end up shutting down after a year anyway, because
they don't want to pay the people to maintain them anymore. Yay. Case in point, because a lot of it,
like a lot of this stuff is even like virtual servers now, and they can scale it so that it's
more cost efficient than it probably was, you know, years ago. And like, I just don't understand.
It's an excuse is what it is. It's an excuse to charge more money because people are like,
well, I guess that makes sense because the publisher is telling me that they need more
money to run for, you know, to run those servers. And I guess that makes sense to myself. So I'm
going to pay them money and that's it. And you're used to it now. And they're going to throw you a
few free games of old shit that you might not play. Another reason why I bring this up and I'm
like, you know, I, I really truly feel like I'm not talking crazy when I, I re I seriously suggest
this as something that Microsoft could do is because I thought part of the reason Microsoft
started offering free games and started doing that whole thing was there was rumors years ago
when they first started doing that, that Microsoft was looking to change Xbox live and that possibly
at that point they were going to sunset and no longer require online multiplayer. So I don't
think it's an unheard of type of thing, but anyway, I'm just throwing it out there. You know,
if, if they continue to charge, they continue to charge, but we'll see. All right. Anyway,
we do want to move on, start to get into how was your game a week ago? Did I hit everything
with gamescom? It was boring. They, they did announce that the Xbox one X is on pre-order.
That was the big bombshell drop, you know, there, but, and they're gone. The project,
the project, I didn't care. I was like, whatever. Um, the Minecraft console, it kind of cool.
They had like a, a Minecraft console for the Xbox one S that was kind of neat. All that made me
think is like, man, if I ever build my son a PC, that's how I'm going to paint it. But that I'm
not going to buy that console. Oh, I know one big thing I need to mention, uh, Jurassic world
evolution. They did show off a trailer for a new game and you know, it, it had the big grand
sweeping footages and then dinosaurs are there and dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, you know that
what we all come to expect from Jurassic park, right? I was into it. I liked it. Like Jurassic
world tycoon. Yeah. I think that's kind of neat actually. Like if they're going to do like a
rollercoaster tycoon, but you get to have dinosaurs and like, instead of, okay. Okay.
I really hope this reference is not lost on the entire audience, but there is like one of the
most hilarious, I don't remember if it was vine or YouTube or what it was one of the most hilarious
fucking things I've ever seen in my life. I don't know why it's so funny to me,
but there's this clip and it's from one of those rollercoaster tycoon games where you can actually
watch the people go down the rollercoaster. Right. And they're writing it starts off with a
Rihanna's song. Uh, we found love in a hopeless place. Like it's all like happy and bouncy and
they're going on the rollercoaster and they're doing like the thing or whatever. And then all of
a sudden the track ends and the music changes to Adele as the rollercoaster goes flying off the
track and all the people, and it goes in slow motion and all the people are flying off and
there's explosions and gone. Oh no, no, no, no, no. It's a really sad Adele stuff, right?
I don't know why, maybe I was just drunk when I saw it the first time and I thought it was
like the funniest thing I'd ever seen. So the reason why I bring that clip up is because
if in Jurassic world, you're going to be able to like do that, but like, you know,
instead you might have an outbreak where like, oops, the dinosaurs are eating your guests.
That's going to be fucking rad bathrooms in this park. I'm dropping your ass in the T-Rex cage.
Would you play a game like that? Dark soccer. I know you're not big on Microsoft, but could a,
could a Jurassic world game where the dinosaurs eat the guests. Could that make you like, look,
that was the only reason I watched like, what was the second one where they took the dinosaur
to New York? A San Diego. Yes. Yeah. Whatever. Just because of the whole scene where they're
all walking through the field and like they're being picked out like a buffet. And my friend,
Danielle and I were watching it laughing our asses off. I would play a game like where you
could play the dinosaurs, picking them out of the grass. So yeah, maybe. Okay. I wouldn't be,
I wouldn't play the dinosaurs. SSG100Matt says, looking for it now in regards to YouTube. Come
on. No Gus says I'm convinced Rob is tipsy. I'm not. I'm totally sober right now. I, Alan. You're
high on life. Alan will know where that YouTube is. He will know where it is. I'm gonna ask him
to go find it for me. So you guys know I'm not crazy and I'll just, I'll post it to the OLR
Twitter. There you go. You know what now? We're at what? Jurassic park is frightening in the dark.
All right. Anyway, uh, we're going to get into our gaming weeks, but I do want to address one piece
of like late breaking ish type of news. Um, after we finished show roll, but before the show started
tonight, so I don't know if you guys saw, but it's going around Twitter right now that PlayStation
got hacked, which is a half truth. It seems so far. Uh, it, it appears that, well, the social
media clearly was hacked. Uh, PlayStation social media account. There was a message on there that
said, you know, dah, dah, dah, where this, I don't even remember who the group was and it doesn't
matter, but basically that, you know, hacker fortune we got, we got in your account and all
this stuff and email us and all this, but I believe they claimed in that message to have
like PlayStation login, but it's unclear if they meant like the big thing that happened in 2011 or
like we have your social media logins. So I wouldn't think you should panic right now about
your own personal login. However, there is never a bad time to go in, change your password and enable
two factor authentication. So, you know, whether they were hacked or not, maybe those are two
things you should think about doing, uh, enable that two factor auth. If you don't have it yet,
now's a great time to do that and a great reminder for that. But otherwise they could, maybe they
just brute forced social media passwords until they figured it out. I mean, I don't know. It's,
it's hard to say. So there you go. Did SSJ100 Matt find that YouTube clip? Oh my God. He did,
didn't he? Wait, hold on. This is very important for live radio. And I know this is, uh,
I know this is internet and a radio and you can't really see this or whatever.
Yes. This is it. Oh my God. This is it. Okay. Okay. No, this is very important. Dark soccer
load. You have to see this. Oh, it's not even the Rihanna song. Okay. Wait, why did I think,
I mean, I know it's the backdrop to the Rihanna song, but I swear when I saw this,
it was like, because they have multiple, like they probably have multiple rollercoasters.
Okay. Anyway, I'm going to have the one that goes back into the crowd. I'm going to fast forward.
Yes. Hold on. So they're going up and they go down. Okay, here we go.
See, and they're going through the rollercoaster and we were having so much fun.
Rollercoaster tycoon three. Yes. And then it goes up and it's a crash.
Do you know that someone recreated,
imagine dinosaurs are eating all those people after they come off.
Really works for radio about the Jurassic park game too.
Is it's also on PlayStation and PC. Oh, is it?
Someone made the death coaster and roller coaster tycoon. I'm sure everybody made the
death coaster. The euthanasia coaster. Now what if the euthanasia coaster had dinosaurs?
What a way to go. Why not? You, you were big on the Sims.
Have they ever done a dinosaur expansion for the Sims?
No, but I'm sure. What if they do now?
I'm sure someone did like pets mods or something where you could have like
velociraptors or something. I don't know. All right. Anyway.
Come on, Noel Gus in chat says, eh, if they want to hack my Tumblr, go for it.
Lots of brute force solo vids on there. I guess that's what Tumblr's for. All right,
let's move on. So anyway, about the hacking for PlayStation, I wouldn't panic,
but changing your passwords, never a bad idea. So let's talk about our two factor.
Yes. Two factor, always a good idea. Like if you don't have two factor on your important shit,
like your email, you have got, wow. And I didn't realize, um, and we, I think we talked about this,
since it's done by the Planet Coaster devs and Planet Coaster is pretty awesome.
So the Jurassic world games by Planet Coaster. Oh, maybe I'll play it. Oh,
oh, that changes everything. That's going to be some fucking awesome shit. Okay. Yeah. Now hype,
Jurassic hype. All right. Let's, uh, let's get into our gaming week. Star Sakura.
Jack shit. You didn't play anything? I don't really play anything. Well, I mean,
other than me, Tomo and Pokemon go and Sailor Moon drops something Sailor Moon drop. Oh,
that's that little phone game, right? Yeah. It's annoying. Um, I really didn't play much of
anything. Um, I, I, I put down for a Kickstarter, which I will be talking about later, but, um, no,
kind of gamed out for a little bit just for this week. It's been a,
last week was kind of a, uh, an odd week taking a week off. Yeah. I just needed to not stare at
things so much. So we watched all of defenders instead. Cause that's, that's what it is. It
was a Netflix weekend, not a video games. It's all Jessica Jones all the time. There's the answer.
Jessica Jones plus Luke cage equals OTP. All right. So it's not that you're just over games.
It's just that I was actually a little tired of being, you know, latched to my computer after I'm
on a computer all day at work. So fair enough. Fair enough. All right. Uh, how about you,
Loki? Did you have any luck with gaming? Um, no, uh, no, honestly this weekend was more of a Lego
weekend cause, uh, we made a trip to the Lego store. We have a Lego hobby shop nearby and I
bought one of the cool sets that they have from Lego movie because my son really likes fire trucks
and they had a fire truck mech and I was like, that shit's going to be awesome to put together.
And it was, it was very awesome. Um, it was also cool about that too, is they actually have,
it's an unlock code for the Lego movie game, which I have so I can unlock a character.
I think that mech thing in that game. So that's pretty cool. Um, I did play a little bit of like
mobile stuff. I'm still playing the office space game. Um, they've tweeted some more like each
week it's a different game. Almost they keep adding stuff to it. Um, and then I also played
a little bit, uh, Pokemon go because my son went back to school and he used to have a pokey stop
as school, but apparently cause you know, portals in pokey stops at schools is a big no-no.
Someone finally caught on and they removed it and I was like, ah, God damn it. Now what am I,
how am I doing the morning? So yeah, that was unfortunate. And then I played ingress and by
playing ingress, I mean I opened up the ingress and I took out, you know, some items from my MUFG
capsules so that they can just keep generating. You played more than I did of that game. There's
more things that I'm never going to use because I'm just not interested anymore. But you know,
occasionally I'll just like, did it, did any of my, you know, Jarvis viruses, um,
duplicate. Oh, once in like two months. Okay, cool. Yeah, that's worth it. There you go.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange on radio at vog network.com.
Use the pass phrase price. All right, let's see my gear. We are, I played, I played some stuff.
I played a little bit. I mean, a lot of it is, you know, the stuff I've been continuing with.
Uh, if you watched after the show last week, I did Ori in the blind forest on Twitch and I think
that was a really fun stream. And that, that game, I'm really glad I went back and revisited
that game and I need to play more of it. I just, you know, I got sidetracked with other stuff.
Now I'm including splatoon two, which I still been playing. I'm really trying to force myself
to use things that are not the roller. Um, and I'm actually, you know what, my score is getting
better by using the dualies. Have you tried the umbrella or whatever that was? No, cause the
umbrella is level nine and I'm still level eight, but I'm like one bucket. I'm one match away from
level nine. Uh, the bucket, I like it as a weapon, but I'm not very good with it. Same thing with
the paintbrush. I love the paintbrush as a weapon, but I'm not very good with it, but I might go back
and try to like force myself to play it more because here's the thing. I don't do motion
controls with the roller, but I will do motion controls with the dualies and the like the guns,
because I kind of think you have to like, I'm starting to realize like, okay, if you want more
that kind of like mouse and keyboard type of feeling, you kind of have to use motion controls
and they did make it so that like, you know, when you press the Y button, it resets. So it doesn't
get too crazy. And you know, it is sensitive. I mean, the motion control technology has come a
long way since the Nintendo Wii. So like, you know, it's not like crazy. It's, it's pretty,
especially with the pro controller, I use pro controller. It's pretty, it feels pretty good.
So, um, I'm just kind of forcing myself to learn that way and I'm, I'm making progress. So I feel
a little better about what I'm doing in Splatoon 2. Um, and then, uh, let's see one new game that
I checked out this week, Sonic Mania on, uh, PlayStation 4, actually, I forgot that game was
coming out on Switch and I saw it on the PlayStation 4 and I bought it as soon as I saw it. I was like,
oh yeah, that game was out this week. And then I realized it was coming on the Switch. I was like,
shoot, I could have got it there so I could have it portable and TV, but, oh, well I have the
trophies and whatever, you know, sharing and all that stuff the PlayStation has. So whatever.
Um, but I like, I like Sonic Mania. It's cool. Uh, it, it basically, it's basically what Sonic 4
should have been. I mean, that's what it is. It's, it's what Sonic 4 should have been. Uh,
so they're getting to it now. My, the only like tiny little complaint I can have about Sonic Mania
is that I feel like there's still a couple bugs in it. Like I beat a boss. Okay. I don't want to
spoil it, but at the end of the second, at the end of the, um, chemical plant zone, there's like a,
there's a boss where everybody's like, whoa, cool. You know, type of thing. Okay. I beat that boss
and got a game over screen. Like as soon as I like flew out of the boss fight, I got a game
over screen. I was like, what the hell did I like run out of time or something? What the hell
happened? So I thought that was weird. It was a weird bug. Um, but it's, it's fine. There's
tiny little bugs. It's they'll get patched. It's not too big a deal. Um, cause the bugs aren't
besides that one. It wasn't that big a deal. Uh, but the only other thing is that the bonus
rounds kind of show up almost too much. Like I felt like half the time I was playing that
bonus game from Sonic three with the blue spheres and the red spheres. Like I spent like half my
time playing that game, which I just started skipping them at some point. Like I don't even
bother to do those bonus games as much anymore. Cause I want to play the actual side scroller
game, which is great. And there's like, what I really like is that they'll do like green
Hills zone cause they have to cause it's Sonic. So they'll do that for the first for act one.
But then when they do act two, it's still green Hill zones, but they've put a new twist on it.
Like they added a zip line to it, like a new power up or something. It didn't exist before.
And they do that a lot in chemical plant zone too, where there's like all these new things
that weren't there before. So I thought that was, it makes chemical plants suck less. It does
believe it or not. It makes it suck less. I mean, it's, they still like, they keep some of the cool
stuff. Like, you know how like the ramps in chemical plant zone kind of looked like a helix,
like they still do that, but now they have like other power ups and things that make the zone more
interesting. So, um, yeah, I'm, I'm enjoying Sonic media. I think this would be right up
your alley, dark soccer. You guys should consider checking that out. It's been thinking about it.
Yeah. Um, let's see. Tiger claw and chat says, did you play with Sonic and tails?
Cause having tails around helps you get into certain places that are unreachable.
I have not played it that way yet, but I'm aware that that's a thing. Uh, come on,
no Gus and chat says, can you play us knuckles? Yes. You can select between Sonic knuckles,
tails or, um, Sonic and knuckles or Sonic and tails. I think the only thing you can't do is
tails and knuckles. And I might even be wrong on that. Cause I haven't played around with it as
much. So there you go. Um, yeah. So I do recommend Sonic mania if you're into like old school Sonic
games and Sonic's been kind of weird to you lately because it's only bit, it was only 20 bucks. So
it's a pretty good deal. So, um, yeah. Uh, good times on that. And then, uh, I played a little
bit of no man's sky cause the whole re imagining, um, I want to get it on PC, but they, I should say
smartly, I guess they bumped the price back up to 60 bucks after that little sale they had last
week. They put the price back up to six bucks. Yeah, I should have bought it. Yeah, I know. I
should have bought it during that sale. Just wait for this. Wait for the next steam sale.
There'll be another, I'm not that worried about it, but uh, yeah, they're, they're trying to cash
in on people that are like, Oh, I should revisit this game now because of the, uh, the changes and
all that stuff. Uh, a little bit of Overwatch as well. Uh, I think I did some streaming of
Overwatch the other night. Actually I did death match on PTR and I got my ass handed to me. It
was really bad. Um, but it was nice to like try it out. So, uh, yeah, that's it. Uh, Bobby Blackwolf
and chat says there's a secret mode to even do knuckles and knuckles. So I was, I was not even
aware of that. So there's some secrets I have yet to discover in the game. How about that?
But what would be the point of doing knuckles? Because you can,
what's the point of doing a lot of stuff in games because you can't. Anyway, uh, we're going to get
into news, but first some housekeeping. Uh, we're not going to be here the week after next because
dragon con I'm going to be at dragon con. Uh, so if you're going to be in the Atlanta area,
you should come check out dragon con. I'm going to be on several panels throughout the weekend.
We'll have the list all pointed and posted at vog network.com during this week. But I'm on like
three panels during the podcast track. Bobby's on like four or five, uh, and, and it's not just
limited to podcasting track because our pals over at critical myth, uh, Gary and John, they're on
several panels, uh, having to do with television. Um, and, uh, Brian from British invaders, big part
of the Brit track. He's on several panels over there. So there's lots of vog people to see. Um,
also something new we're going to try this year for dragon con because we just launched a few
weeks ago, our vog network discord. And if you're not there yet, you should check it out. Vog
network.com slash discord. We'll get you your invite. You know, it's, it's open. Just, you know,
don't be a jerk and you'll be fine. We don't ban people unless you need it. Um, so, um,
come to our discord server. We created a new channel called dragon con 2017, where if you're
going to dragon con, you can get updates and reminders about like where we'll be and when,
if you want to like try to meet up with us. And for people not going to dragon con, we'll post
like some pictures and videos and little like bonus clips, things into the channel. So people
can kind of live vicariously through us. So hopefully that'll, that'll be fun. So, uh,
check that out over at vog network.com slash discord. All right. Uh, otherwise, you know,
follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O R Facebook's good too. Five star reviews on
iTunes or wherever you found this show. All that stuff goes a long, long way. We appreciate it.
Let's get into some gaming news. So they're doing, uh, finally new too is coming to Pokemon go
and it's going to be coming via the raid battles of course, but it's a brand new type of raid
battle called exclusive raid battles. So, um, you, with that, I guess the way it's going to work is
assuming where these are going to come, cause it's going to be different places, but
if you have done a, you have to be invited to these battles and in order to get an invite,
you would have had to have completed a traditional raid battle at the location where it's supposed
to appear. So there's saying that you get an invite and they just, they let you know when
this, you know, event's going to happen. They're really not doing a good job explaining this.
No, they are not. They need to show screenshots. They need to walk through an example,
cause this is a weird system because how do I know which gyms I should be fighting? So,
I mean, in a way I think Niantic's being a little bit skeezy with this because that tells me you
need to play raids at as many gyms as possible. So buy more raid passes and I'm just like,
go to hell. You know what I mean? I mean, yes, you get a free raid pass every day,
a free raid pass every day. And if you're getting your coins, I guess you could get
others if you don't buy incubators or anything else. But I'm just a little bit like,
I'm a little side-eyed with Niantic right now. Like you need to explain this better because
also the infrastructure in Pokemon Go, like there's still a lot of garbage stuff happening
in the game. For example, yesterday, Alan and I went raiding downtown so we could try to get some
more, our friend JD was here. We had another friend we were raiding with. So there's a group
of four of us trying to go get some of the things like Lugia and Articuno and you know,
some of those things that are out right now. So we went to do a Lugia raid. No,
it wasn't Lugia, it was Articuno at one of the light rail stops downtown where Articuno
was spawned. And so we did the raid and there was 12 of us. Well, only 11 of us got in because what
happened? While Alan was trying to get into the battle, his game crashed. He used his raid pass
to get in there. And then the game crashed. He tried to bring it right back up as fast as
possible, but he was continuously getting network errors. So he couldn't get back into the game
right away. Finally, as soon as the raid battle's done, his network errors stop,
he gets in the game, but he gets none of the rewards and his raid pass has been spent.
So he can go back in and do another battle and we waited 30 minutes for more people to show up.
But I just thought that was a little garbage that you know, if you spend the raid pass to get in
there, because the phone and the network and all this stuff is still a little wonky and isn't rock
solid, you can still get screwed out of something. And I just can't, I just can't imagine that
happening with Mewtwo. People are going to be crazy about that stuff. And I remember I thought
of another time we were raiding outside this restaurant. We were doing, I think it was when
Zapdos was out and there was this seven year old kid who was trying to do this. And as soon as
Zapdos like died and it went into the catch thing, the little kid's phone crashed and he started
crying because he was like, I wanted to catch the Zapdos. And his like dad ran over and was like
trying to fix it. And I think they were able to get right back in and everything. But I was just
like, you know, I definitely had that moment of like, wow, these tech issues cause little kids to
cry. Good job Niantic, you're making kids cry. So I just feel like before they roll out this crazy
shit where it's like, well, in order to do this, you're going to have to align during the solar
eclipse. You're going to have to visit the second star on the right and head straight on until
morning. And then you have to make sure that you have the upgrade item over here and you have to
raid over here in this city. And then over here in this, before they roll out all these stupid rules,
like you need to like iron out the fucking game that you have because there's a lot to love about
Pokemon Go. There really is, but I would have a much easier time loving it if it would work
reliably. And it doesn't right now. So could you get on that first before you decide to do this
whole, now we're going to do an even crazier type of raid where probably even more people
are going to be there because we'll probably invite a hundred people to take on Mewtwo at
these. I'm just like, Oh God, I just, I just fear what this is going to look like. Now here's the
other interesting thing. It'll look like Chicago. Now here's the other interesting thing. If I did
this rolls out the 1st of September. Yeah. Okay. Guess we're going to be the 1st of September.
Atlanta, DragonCon. Now I see that there's good news and bad news. The good news is there's going
to be no fucking shortage of people to raid. That's a given. If one of those fuckers spawns
at the hotel at the stop of the hotel, like it's fucking on. But the other thing is I'm like, wait
a minute. If I'm going to be in Atlanta on the 1st of September, am I going to keep getting raid
invites back here in Sacramento? Because that part is going to fucking suck. So I'm going to be a
little peeved if like, don't worry. It's not coming to Sacramento. It's going to be like
central park, New York. And that way we can have, you know, the news thing of like Mewtwo will be
in more places than that, but it's just, you know, I I'm, I'm a little scared about this whole thing.
So we'll see. Let's see. Um, come on. No, Gus and chat says pokey. No, I'm not giving them another
dime. Uh, let's see. Dark Tetsuya says, I hope the Mewtwo thing is handled better than that
event. A few weeks back as to 100. Matt says I beat a Moltres earlier this week. The game
crashed during the bonus catch portion. When I got back in, it displayed it. Like I never beat it.
I tried to fight it again and it kept erring out. I lost my raid pass and got nothing to show for
it. Uh, and this gentleman continues central park is shit for Pokemon go playing. The game has a
hard time processing everything going on on there. Oh yeah. And it's spoo for central.
Exactly. It may be shit, but that means nothing to Niantic. It's just a location on a map for
them. Uh, pure 39 is no, I mean, I have an easier time playing in San Francisco at peer 39. I have
an easier time doing that with the little pogo plus and my phone off. Like, uh, because it
doesn't have to render all the other shit going on, like with the game up. Uh, cause one of my
friends that I was with his game kept crashing over and over and over again. But again, that
just goes back to the point of, look, I think it's great that Niantic has like got these new
ideas for the game and the gym stuff is really like neat now and all this other stuff. But like,
seriously Niantic fix the fucking game you have before trying to like go crazy with all these
flavors. Don't go crazy. Anyway, I can't wait for Ingress to be on this engine too. Well,
I don't know. At least there's a lot less people playing that Ingress is kind of over unless,
unless they do something really cool in 2.0 but Ingress is just getting really stale. But anyway,
that's, we got to catch these portal beasts and the containment and um, and there's going to be a,
um, uh, gym that you battle them. I just, I, I'm, you know, I still bring up Ingress once in a
while. Somebody asked me to do a favor, like bump their portals. Of course I'll do it. You know,
if I'm going to be there anyway, playing Pokemon too. But it's also one of the things where it's
just like, I kind of, if any game needs like an energy meter, Ingress needs it. I know that's not
a popular opinion, but no, I agree because there's people that dedicate their lives to that game
and that's not healthy for any game. No, I did not be waking up at two in the morning to spend
all day playing and then like literally all day playing. Jamie, you need an energy meter. What?
Me so that you can see when I'm low energy, I have to pay you $10 to recharge. Yes. You have
to pay me $10 to recharge or pizza or coffee, coffee. Anyhow, I offered you coffee. All right.
Yeah, I was already drinking soda. Moving on. Let's talk about, let's go back to Microsoft
and talk about more bad news for Microsoft. In fact, this could be the worst news of the entire
week. I don't know. You guys be the judge, but, uh, so Xbox one, uh, is getting a new game, uh,
that just came out this past week. Conan exiles. That's right. Now of course this game was already
on PC and why was this game famous on PC? Why did this game take over riveting gameplay?
It's just such a great MMO. That's right. That's right. Oh, and dongs everywhere. Dongs, dongs,
dongs, children, and yes, titties, the beave, all of it was all the children who can access
consoles, but can you decide how hairy it is? I, I don't know. I haven't played the game,
but I do know it did have it. The dogs had a meter and you could adjust the, I almost bought it
endowment. I almost bought it, but I bought Tacoma instead. That was probably a good choice.
I keep forgetting Tacoma came out. I need to play that anyway. But did they have dong meters in
Tacoma? Well, here's the problem. No, they do not. But, uh, you know, you gotta, you gotta make
tough decisions sometimes. Well, here's the thing. Uh, in America, the SRB rated Conan
exiles M for mature and not AO because in America only partial nudity will be allowed. However,
in Europe, uh, all that will be on display. So is the Xbox Xbox one region free? Cause if so,
you need to buy your copy of this game from Europe and then dong, new dong city everywhere.
Yeah. But the problem is I think is it's server base, isn't it? So I would assume
the game copies are all in MMO. So maybe if you're in a certain region, PC master race.
Well, anyway, uh, if you want to play this on, uh, Xbox one in America, you will be forced to
wear panties. You will be forced to put your panties on and play the game without your private
parts being everywhere on display. Why, why do we have to hide this from like, I mean they had dogs
and other games. I don't understand why it's such a big deal. Is it because children have accesses
because cause fucking retarded parents are like, I'm just going to, this is admin. It has adult
content new today. I'm going to buy it for my five year old over here. It's a member of America has
less of a problem with violence than they do with bit. It's a little more complicated than that
Loki because the AO rating, unfortunately, and I'm not, I'm just, I'm just telling you why I'm not
saying this is a good thing. Unfortunately, the AO rating is pretty much akin to the NC 17 rating.
And when you have an NC 17 rating, you're the movie, the theater will not show it. Blockbuster
won't rent it. Those few, those 10 blockbusters left in America won't rent it unless it's show
girls. Well, because it's edited down to an R rated version, um, which is what happened here.
And that's what happened in showgirls. They had to put panties on in showgirls. They had to draw
them on where that was the VH one in it. Right. So that's what happened here. They had to draw
on those fake panties and bras and things. They had to draw them on. I've actually,
I would play Conan exiles. If it looked like it did in the VH one show girls that it was like
that safe for porn videos, like playing the drums and like shit like that. Like it's drawn in MS.
Yeah, it is great. It's great. It's pretty bad. Anyway. Where was I? Oh yes. So the AO rating,
here's the problem with an AO rating. You can't stream the game on Twitch. GameStop won't sell
it. A lot of mailer major retail Walmart ain't going to sell it. Can you, can you stream the
PC version on Twitch? Yes. I know. I just say it. I'm just saying Twitch is, I mean,
again, I don't work for Twitch. Maybe they have a policy that I'm unclear on, but last I understood
it, the Twitch policy is if the game is rated AO, you can't stream it on Twitch. And they actually
have a list of games. And they also have certain indie games that are unrated that are also on the
list. Age of Conan is not one of those games that's on the list last I heard. If I'm wrong,
live chatters, please correct me on that. But I believe that's the difference. When a game's on
PC, Loki, it doesn't have to be rated. Games on console have to be rated. So I think Age of Conan
wasn't rated when it came out. And so dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, everywhere. And now on the
console, you know, censorship. Forced underwear. Let's see. Come on, no Gus in chat says Twitch
doesn't like dongs, I thought. Well, they certainly don't like real dongs and let's make that clear
too. And that goes for lady parts too. So you are, you do, like they actually, I think like Twitch
has a rule that's like, put a goddamn shirt on. Like, I think they have a shirt on with,
it's still technically a shirt. It's just, you know, that v-neck, that v-neck that drops way
down. And I promise I won't wear it again. But what, what were they calling that sweater? The,
the manslayer or you mean the, the rompers? No, no, no. They had those sweaters for men,
the virgin killer. That was it. I don't, I don't even know what that is. No, it was like these
really low cut in the back. Am I allowed, am I allowed to wear a male romper on Twitch? No,
no one's allowed to wear a male romper. Fuck that. But you're stifling my artistic creativity
with my body as the canvas. If I were to wear a male romper full of kittens, I'm going to do it.
Oh, you can wear it full of kittens, but just wearing a male romper. No, no one in, no one.
No, no, never. Let's see, go into chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, Rob Roberts, Rama says to me in chat says, there are guys that can wear them too for
du-dwar. Are you, are you familiar with the trend that is du-dwar Dark Sakura?
I'd rather not. Well, you know, boudoir, right? If you know boudoir photography places, you know,
where, where housewives can get, you know, Christmas presents for their husbands.
I wouldn't know anything about that. Well, now dude war is, well, Loki,
maybe Mrs. Loki would like some dude war this holiday. I doubt it.
Unless they have models in hand that can take pictures because he's any,
if we can get that guy from, was it a criminal minds or whatever?
What, what, what guy from criminal minds? The black dude with the weird eyebrows.
I've never watched that show, so I have no idea. He's a pretty attractive guy.
Is he a attractive guy? A very attractive man.
All right. Nelly wants, Nelly wants dude war of that individual.
She'd rather have a dude war of that. And I don't blame her because he is a very attractive man.
He just needs to shave his eyebrows a little bit because he's got the unibrow going and it's just
not that hot. All right. Uh, anyway, uh, I don't, I don't know. Not, not Joe Manteca.
No, I don't even know where the hell I left off with this code and X files or X files,
Conan X files thing. Now wouldn't that be a game? Conan X files.
David company, man.
By the way, I posted the Virgin killer sweater in chat for you.
Sorry. Dark Tetsuya with the comment of the week. The dogs are out there.
Moving on now quickly. Dark Sakura, bring the mood down.
No, it's not a read on you. I just know I'm fully endorsing the Virgin killer sweaters.
Yes. I, I'm going to look this up and hope that it makes my day as opposed to
what dark version killer sweaters and not just Virgin killer. Cause that's like some
German death metal bat band. Well, German death metal is cool.
Okay. Everyone get ready to cry. Rob. I need to have music. Really.
You should prep. I, this is all the music I have.
It's going to be for every segment.
Um, the last update for mass effect Andromeda.
One point. Wait, I know what we haven't used in a long time. Dark Sakura.
Rick Ashley can team up with the moon fighters and make a new song.
Fuck you Bioware. Fuck you for this. I will never forgive you.
In the name of the moon, I will punish you.
The last update for mass effect Andromeda was the last for single player. There's no more future
patches for single player or in story content. Where are our quarians?
Fuck you. This is all lost in space.
This is all because of that stupid. What the, what the fuck is that game again? Anthem?
No. Well, yes and no. No, this is Twitter's fault. This is Twitter's fault. I blame Twitter.
I placed the blame on Twitter's doorstep. Let's not give Twitter the credit that's due
to the worst company in America. Several years in a row.
EA. Let's not, let's not let them out. There is that too.
Mass effect Andromeda could have been everything that the fans wanted,
but no, they short staffed and short changed it.
So the only party I am holding accountable to this is fucking EA.
I will not be buying Anthem. I will not play Anthem.
I will not look at anything about Anthem on the internet. I don't, it will not exist to me.
The last BioWare game I ever anticipate playing is whatever the next Dragon Age one is,
because I'm supporting franchises. Hello.
I do feel like this is some sort of like really bad breakup between myself and BioWare.
And like, if BioWare still wants to be able to like call me to hang out once in a while,
then BioWare needs to like prove their love for me. Does that make sense Dark Sakura?
BioWare needs to like right this wrong and Anthem ain't going to do it.
Now, if they've hired back Casey Hudson to like kind of do this over again and do a Mass Effect
game that, you know, isn't going to get eaten alive and will be given the time it needs to
incubate well and so forth and fight EA so that the game will be released when it's fucking good
and ready and not early like this game came out. Like if that is going to happen, then BioWare can
still call me once in a while and we can have fun. But as it is blocked. I am not going to buy Anthem
and I encourage other people not to buy it until we get something worthwhile in Mass Effect.
And you know, I'm sure there's going to be people, there's definitely going to be people
they're going to tweet or whatever, you know, say that is irrational. The Anthem is a different game.
This is irrational. It's because it exists at all. It's one of those things, though, that I go,
well, now they've got a track record. BioWare showing that they're not interested in supporting
games past a certain point. So maybe I'll have to think about that when Anthem comes out.
Is it a fully featured game? Because it's not likely to get much updates in the future,
like Mass Effect and Dragon Age used to. Yeah. So in Dragon Age, the Inquisition had really good
support. Yeah, I missed that BioWare. Where did they go? Isn't it a different BioWare team that
made this? Yeah. Well, they're gone now. That's why I said was. And I was, I didn't the NPD numbers
for last month come out? I know that's not on the show world tonight, but I swear I saw it.
Because there was a switch that outsold the PlayStation 4 and Xbox. Yes. I realize that's
a big headline. But if I recall, I was looking at the top 10 games sold list. Mass Effect Andromeda
was on the top 10 games sold list. It didn't even come out this month. But it's on sale. Okay. But
my point is, it's still one of the top 10 selling games in America. And that wasn't good enough?
No. I just don't understand it. Come on, Noel Gustin. Chat says Rob Roberts is the Sarah,
Jessica Parker, and EA is the Mr. Big. Is he making fun of my nose? I think it might be.
He's making a Jessica Jones reference. No, no, it's not Jessica Jones.
Sarah Jessica, like Sex and the City. Sex and the City. Mr. Big.
I don't even fucking watch that. Even I do that.
I've watched one episode of that show. And it was one where Kate Capshaw's character had a bad
chemical peel. That's all I remember about it was her chemical peel.
So ironic. I shouldn't tell the story. I'm just gonna say, years ago before Alan,
there was a gentleman that I was seeing that would watch that show a lot. And so I kind of
got subjected to that show that way. And ever since, I haven't watched it again. So I think
it's one of those like, what do they call that? The Pavlov Association type of thing?
That's what I have with Sex and the City. I see Sex and the City and I think, oh, yeah,
that guy. That's a show.
That's a show. All right. Anyway, let's see. DungeonBuster in chat says,
relegating all of that lore to an expanded universe format just feels as if they're
trying to pass the buck to a medium they won't have to really deal with. Oh, yes. Thank you.
That's a good thing to bring up there is that, and DungeonBuster posted this on Discord too.
And I remember seeing this, is that the Quarians and all this stuff,
because Dark Star, you asked what about the Quarian. Well, there will be a comic book or
there is going to be a novel or I don't know, whatever the fuck it is, but let's say a comic
book. So Dark Soccer, here's the question. Think about this before you answer. If a comic book is
to come out that says what happened to the Quarians, will you buy it to show support for
Mass Effect Andromeda or will you say, no, thank you because BioWare has turned your back on you?
I would buy anything in the Mass Effect franchise, of course.
Okay. That actually was not the answer I was expecting. So I'm glad I asked.
No, I was honestly expecting B. I would support the Mass Effect franchise.
Okay. No, that's great. That's why I asked. I stand corrected.
I just won't support Anthem because it's what took resources from the Mass Effect.
You're not going to support the new Miss America because you're all about the old Miss America,
I think. That's so terrible. I couldn't think of an analogy at all.
I will support the franchise that I like. Ooh, here's a good question from Tiger Claw.
What? Oh, I like that. I like this grill Jamie on her feelings. What if, but they're,
they're all valid feelings. You all have them too. What if Mass Effect was, thank you,
Brad from Pod Culture, much better analogy, new doctor versus old doctor. But I think a lot of
people are really into 13 right now. So I mean, we have to see an episode of the show to really
know more along the lines of we wrote the story for the DLC, but we don't want to pay
programmers to make it. So let's release a comic book. Oh, truth bomb. All right. Here's the
question from Tiger Claw. What if Mass Effect was given to another developer other than BioWare?
Okay. Hmm. I would say, I would say for me, it would depend on who's the talent behind it.
Thinking of it to a competent developer. Yeah. Who's doing it. Who's writing it.
Who's you know, is, is somebody from the old team still involved? Like who what's what's
To use the doctor who analogy. Okay.
It's the same reason why people who only liked the serials will still watch the new doctor who
it's why people who were completely disgusted with Moffat's writing
still endured it to watch something that they enjoyed. I hate Steven Moffat's writing and I
hated every, well, a good portion of the episodes that he wrote, but I kept watching until I was
just way too sick of it. You know, I'll put it that way. Okay. You know, I, I didn't, you know,
okay. I'll go back to another thing. I, Jessica Jones has been my favorite comic book character
since her conception in Alias and the Pulse. And I didn't really quite like how she was handled
during the civil war comics, but I read it anyway. And I picked up secret Avengers that
she was in because I wanted to read about the character. I've heard crappy X-Men comics because
I liked X-Men. So I'm just saying. All right. Uh, let's see.
And this isn't about you, Brad. It's about me. By the way. Come on. You did get, come on. No,
you got a little yass in chat from, come on, no Gus who says Moffat was garbage. All right. Mama,
this is garbage. Anyway, moving on. SS2-100 Matt in chat says to play devil's advocate.
It's not the people who are working on Anthem's fault about what happened to mass effect.
If the game doesn't sell, they may be cut because of poor sales. Okay. Two, two points to that
though. I actually will help in disputing this because I'm a little salty on Anthem as well,
because, well, one, we just talked about the MPD numbers and Andromeda is selling. So, I mean,
it's selling more than most games. Sale knows. Oh, I mean, maybe it's just not selling. I guess
what EA had set this expectations was set for it, but here's the thing with Anthem. Yes, it is
Anthem's fault because this, this mass effect was given to another studio so that the studio that
was doing mass effect could focus on Anthem. And apparently there was just not enough collaboration.
There's not enough. And didn't somebody from that team, the mass effect team go to the Anthem team?
Yeah. So yes, Anthem pulled resources from mass effect. So we're a little salty about it.
And the one to blame EA. EA. Exactly. So sorry. Anyway, just a little, just a little counterpoint
on that, but I realized there are going to be some people that are like, Moffat is still a
misogynist asshole. So whatever. All right, let's move on that note. More, more news, Loki. All
right. So, uh, we've got Nintendo, of course, um, doing a bundle for Splatoon 2. Yes. I know
it just came out, but they have a bundle that's coming soon. Um, next few months with some new
controller colors. Yay. So you can there, it's going to bundle the game along with the switch
and then a neon green and neon pink, uh, joy cons. And those are going to be coming.
It looks like, I want to say later this fall, uh, starting September 8th. So just
a little after the next Splatfest. Bummer that it's exclusive to one store.
Yep. It's exclusive to Walmart. At least it's not evil G. Still though. And I know people that want
those joy cons. Heck, one of my friends ordered those joy con, those colors from Japan. So we
could have them. And we all know who that is, but I mean, seriously, but it's, it's one of
those things where it's like, it would be nice if they would just release those joy cons in the U.S.
to anybody. Yeah. It's gonna be $379.99. So you're not really getting much of a discount there, but.
But let's be real. Splatoon is a great game. That's worth owning a Nintendo switch over.
I would say it's not a Zelda in terms of a system seller, but they're very different types of games.
And maybe there's something in Splatoon 2 for you that Zelda doesn't bring you such as competitive.
Now that I look at that, you know, cause the system itself is like what? $299?
Yeah. So that's actually more than buying the switch and the game by itself.
Doesn't it come with something else too? It comes with a carrying case.
Okay. Cause it comes with a carrying case pro controller or no, no, it doesn't have that amiibo.
No. Hmm. There's gotta be some it's carrying case or something sweetened in that pot.
Yeah. It's just, it's just a cheap ass carrying case that they have with it,
but you would think that'd be something to do with throw.
Act F says that case costs 20 to 30. So, so you're paying, it's a GameStop bundle base.
It's a forced GameStop bundle where you get a case you didn't ask for.
Whatever. I guess you don't have to buy this version of it.
All right. Uh, well, uh, yeah, I already have my switch, so this is not something I'm really
going to pick up, but, uh, you know, I might be into joy cons in different colors, although I
don't know. The only ones I've really liked are the arms yellow ones. And I'm not even super into
arms. Like I totally passed on that game, but I liked those arms yellow ones, but I see, I know
some people are totally against me on this. And this is maybe this will have to be a splat fest
they do in the future is team gray joy cons versus team color joy cons because the gray ones match
the rest of the system. And that is important as well to me, but I do like the yellow ones.
If I was going to get any joy cons, I get those yellow ones. So, all right. Anyhow, uh, let's
talk about some weird drama involving trophies. That's right on the PlayStation four, because
the upcoming game life is strange before the storm apparently had a trophy available,
but it was only available in the bonus episode episode with the more expensive deluxe edition,
meaning that the platinum trophy, which you get for getting all other trophies unattainable,
unless you bought the more expensive deluxe edition. Wow. Jerk move Square Enix. Although
to be fair, it looks like it is truly an oversight and not something that they intended to do because
they did come out and say it was a mistake. So they, it was not our intention to give the
platinum trophy via the optional bonus episode in the deluxe edition. And so we started speaking
to the parties about rectifying this. So my assumption is that I know that a PlayStation
can do this thing with trophies where that DLC goes into little plus sign things like
Diablo three just did this because, um, I had a hundred percent in Diablo three and got my
platinum trophies, but a couple of weeks ago, that a hundred percent dropped down to 85% or
something like that. And I was like, but I still have my platinum trophy. And I was like,
what the fuck? Well, it turns out because Diablo three released that necromancer pack.
They put new trophies in with the necromancer pack. So, but what they do is they do like,
when you go into the game, then there's like a little plus sign that you can click on for
the necromancer pack. So you don't need those trophies to get the platinum trophy, but there
are still more trophies. So I think games with big DLC and expansion packs, they do this little plus
sign. So maybe my assumption is that's what life is strange is going to do is turn this DLC into
a plus sign. So it won't be required for, um, that, that platinum trophy anymore. Cause you
know, some people take that trophy hunting real seriously. And especially in a story based game,
like life is strange where he, sometimes it's a little easier to get the trophies. Uh, people
go to those to get their platinum trophies. So anyway, of course you could always just enjoy the
game for the story or because the decent game, but, uh, I guess I'm talking crazy dark soccer.
What do you have for us? Tears, angry, angry, salty tears. More? No, not really. Um, there is
a game that, and I'm, I'm gonna be very terrible because it was suggested to me on tumblr and I'm
sorry who suggested it. I'm too lazy to go look. So, um, it's a Kickstarter right now for a game
called Necro cosmos, which is a Metroidvania in space type game. It kind of looks like it does
blaster mastery things and then has bullet hell things and like power ups and like emo-ness. Um,
and then you've got different stages or ways you can take through the game and you equip like
different DNA for your gun that lets you do different effects and stuff. And I was like,
is this going to be my answer to the guardian legend? Maybe. So, um, I, I, I, I put money on it.
I admit I put money on it. It is the second thing I put money on a Kickstarter for.
So the first one, how to pull boyfriend plushies. The second one, this game.
Wow. So you don't jump in on that stuff very often. Nope. I do have my plushies though.
Dungeon buster in chat says I played the demo for a Necro cosmos. It's neat,
but paying to save in the game is just to know for me. So paying to save, I guess it must be
something. Can you elaborate on that desert buster? Cause I must admit, I don't, I don't
know much about this game. It adds to the challenge. Oh, is it, uh, is this something
with like in-game currency or do we mean real money or in-game currency? Because I know my God,
that would be cruel. Uh, because that Ori and the blind forest, I was just playing. You have
to use energy to create a safe spot. So I mean, you have to spend a cabin in final fantasy.
Okay. In game. Oh, interesting. You pay in game currency, but the cost rises with every save.
It's interesting. Okay. You would think there'd be a mode where you could disable that though,
but that would be interesting for people that like, you know, like dark souls, it's dark souls
mode. Okay. All right. Interesting. All right. I'll have to check this out though. I'm a big
fan of Metroid type games and all that good stuff. So, all right. Uh, just a few more stories
for you guys than the classic game of the week. Loki. All right. So you may remember that recently
they had, uh, changed the name of battle net to, what did they change it to? Something else?
Blizzard launcher, something like that. And everyone thought, what the hell?
That's kind of stupid battle. It's been, you know, this name that we, it's been synonymous
for this for the longest time. Why the hell did you change it? You know, it's kind of confusing.
And so they went ahead and changed it back. So Blizzard made a comment saying we understood that
battle net stood for something special. It represents years of shared history and enjoyment,
community, and friendship for all of us and our players. The technology was never going away,
but after giving the branding change further consideration, we, and also hearing your feedback,
we are in agreement that the name should stay as well, which makes sense because
just like the new name was super the Blizzard launcher. I don't know. It's branding. Well,
I think a big part of it too, is that nobody would call it that they were still calling it battle.
That's true. Yeah. So some days you belong to your fans and that's what happens with that with
Blizzard sometimes. So I don't know when I was like, when they were considering changes,
they ever think like, do we really need to change it? I mean, I don't know why they had some
branding idea, I guess. I wonder if it wasn't related to destiny to coming into the launcher.
Maybe they were, they didn't want to call it battle net because of the whole destiny to
thing. I don't know. I just, I battle in destiny. No you do, but it's Blizzard's baby. I don't know.
It's still called the Blizzard launcher. So I don't know. I'm just, it was around the same
time. That's all I'm saying. So it was, could be related. All right. Well, speaking of Blizzard
games, I think this is kind of neat. This is something new that they've added into Twitch
and it's specific to a Blizzard game, specifically Overwatch. Although I think Hearthstone is getting
this as well, but I actually used this on Twitch today and I thought it was neat. So you can go on
to like, let's say you go onto the Twitch website. Doesn't work on the console versions or the app or
anything like that yet. But if you go to the website and you actually browse for Overwatch
streams, it'll actually allow you to filter the streams by what hero they're playing.
So if you want to see people who play Sombra, cause she's fucking awesome. You can filter for
Sombra and see people playing Sombra. And even when you're looking at the list, you'll actually
see a little picture of the hero and it shows you what that person is playing right now. Well,
how does it do this? Um, apparently, that's right. Dark magic. Um, no, apparently it's
because of this, uh, technology that was acquired by Twitch called clip mine. Uh,
clip mine had a deep learning video platform that recognizes in game objects, text and levels,
which are then selected via the sites filters. So the game kind of knows what hero you've picked
because it saw it on the hero select screen or it's noticing it in the corner where the hero
thing is or something like that. So I think that's kind of neat because if you go in and
you look at Overwatch streams, there's a billion of them. But sometimes, and I even say this, like,
I'm somebody who really enjoys playing Sombra. There's a reason I named her. I think she's
really good. She's hated by a lot of, um, Overwatch players because some people kind of
don't know how to play her. Like they'll just go in there, guns blazing, and that's not really how
you're supposed to do it. You're supposed to be stealthy, but I've kind of learned more about how
to play Sombra by watching other people play Sombra. And that's, you know, you can't always,
unless they put in the title of their stream Sombra competitive mode or something, I don't
know who they're playing. Well, now that's not gonna be a problem anymore. I can go in and look
for people playing that hero or maybe another hero I want to get better with that I don't know a lot
about. So, um, I thought that was kind of neat that you could search by hero. Um, uh, also in
Hearthstone, I think it's a very similar type of thing because in Hearthstone, you can play as
different, you know, heroes in Hearthstone and it's a very similar thing. I guess Hearthstone
will also let you go by game mode, player rank, and number of wins. So you can actually find
where are the super pro Hearthstone people, or in my case, where are the baddies?
Does Hearthstone let you see like who the biggest loser is currently streaming? Because that would
probably be me if I ever did Hearthstone. All right. Anyhow, there you go. Well, before we
were broadcasting our games, we were taking them over to friends' houses, playing cartridges, or
maybe even the age of CDs. We're gonna take a step back into the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura's gonna open the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you little brat, come over here. Get off my lawn. Get off my lawn.
Get off my lawn and use this light gun. Go play this game. Dark Sakura,
what is the classic game of the week? The House of the Dead, which all I keep
thinking of is the House of the Dead 2. We're meeting, gee, over there.
I just think of the typing of the dead. Bad voice acting.
But that's fine. Well, I couldn't do typing of the dead before I do House of the Dead. Although
I think I've done typing of the dead. You probably did another episode, yeah.
Um, anyway, House of the Dead is a first person light gun game that was released by Sega in
September 13th, 1996. And then that was in Japan and internationally March 4th, 1997.
We had one at one of the arcades I worked at, briefly.
But basically, you use your light gun or mouse in the PC version to shoot at zombies and
monsterseses and things like that. And your life is set by a series of torches and whenever
you get hit or you shoot a hostage, you lose a torch. And then when all of your torches are gone,
you lose. You die. You get first aid packs during the game. They're either held by hostages or
they're just objects. Like, oh, look, look at that little rock. Oh, there's a first aid kit in the
rock. It's great. So yeah, it's like that. And you have different ways that you can act or not act
like, um, whether or not you save certain hostages or die or go. Oh, does it have talking?
Yeah, this video has talking. Fuck these videos that have talking! Fuck, look for House of the
Dead long play. I'll see what I can find, yeah. I'm sorry, because I just listened to like the
first few minutes of it. I was like, oh, this is great. Yeah, I didn't have it in the first
like minute and a half. Motherfucker. See, here's something that we don't have that would be awesome
with VR nowadays is I want like VR versions of these games. No. Because they're light gun games.
I found one. Okay, good. Thank you. Um, anyway, you were playing as, uh, an agent named G. Ooh.
Um, and, uh, Thomas Rogan to go save people because of reasons. Basically, um,
they're going there to see if they can find out what's going on, um, for, uh, this, uh, biochemist,
um, who apparently is going crazy because he's obsessed with life and death. And that's the story
there. Um, it had, uh, a lot of craziness go on, like, fighting, um, this pyrotechnic creature and,
and, uh, which ends up, like, killing the guy that made it and everything. And then you, uh,
basically have to go rescue Sophie, who is, uh, someone who is called, um, she's, uh,
Thomas Rogan's fiance, Sophie Richards. Like, where are they from? Some of these names.
But, like, spoiler, you get an alternate ending where she becomes a zombie. And then, um, you also
can leave the house without her. So, I guess. Um, but for all the versions that came out, um,
of course it was that era of SEGA where we were getting good Saturn games, hopefully.
So it came out on the Saturn and it came out on the PC. Um, and this game was actually considered
so obscene in, um, in Indianapolis where they were trying to ban certain video games, violent
video games. They tried to open a case about this saying that it was not protected under the First
Amendment because of its obscenity. Um, but basically the ban on the game was considered
unconstitutional. And, uh, the quote from Judge Posner, who was in charge of the case,
the most violent game in the record, The House of the Dead, depicts zombies being killed flamboyantly
with much suffering of limbs and effusion of blood. I love the words of this, but so stylized
and patently fictitious is the cartoon-like depiction that no one would suppose it obscene
in the sense in which a photograph of a person being decapitated might be seen as obscene.
It will not turn anyone's stomach. And I notice this video has, like, the blood color change to
green as well. Yeah. So anyway, um, there were those other ports. We had the Sega Saturn version
in 1998 and the Windows PC CD version by Sega. Um, they were kind of rushed and not great,
but they weren't bad. They're still fun to play. Um, and actually you can run the arcade version
now in the model 2 emulator. Um, the Sega Saturn version had a remixed soundtrack. Um,
and, uh, it's just a really good game. And of course later on, wasn't there like a movie?
Unfortunately. Wasn't there a Rob Zombie movie? Uwe Boll. No, Uwe Boll. No. Oh, I was, no, that was
House of a Thousand Corpses. Yes. Whatever. Not based on a game. Whatever.
So it had a bunch of suck that came out as a result. But House of the Dead 2 is a great game.
But then it had Typing of the Dead, which was fucking awesome. Yes, it was. Everything works
out in the end. And we have an OLR pack. Yes, that's right. Good plug. We need to do a new one.
We need to update it or something. There is, you know, it should be called, just so you know,
it's on the Steam marketplace and the Typing of the Dead on the Steam. Uh, we did it for
episode 600. So it was a while ago. It's time for a new one. But it was, yeah, I think update it for
episode 700. I think it should be the naughty phrases version, not like this cuss or anything,
but like you pooted. All right. Or like, I like big butts and I cannot lie or something.
Well, you can make it Dark Sakura. You don't want me to make it. It'll just be like,
Rob made me do this. All work and no play, make Dark Sakura dull. All right. Anyway,
we're going to take a break here. Classic Game of the Week, of course, once again,
the House of the Dead. All right, take a quick break. But when we come back,
there is more Orange Laundry to come, including several emails this week. Y'all made up for not
sending any, uh, the past couple of weeks. We're also going to talk about some other updates,
new PlayStation 4 firmware. So we're talking about that and we got a Konami story, but maybe
this one will be a little bit different for a change. We'll get to all that when we come
back with more of Orange Laundry right after this. Welcome back everybody to Orange
Radio Live tonight with episode number 697 of our show already in progress.
Talking a little bit about that eclipse tomorrow. And, um, unfortunately I don't get to see it
because I have daytime work commitments. Dark Sakura, you mentioned when we were doing our,
um, call with Bobby tonight, uh, you, you have a little time off work to go see the eclipse,
right? Cause we get to see, we're in like, what did they say? 60%, 80%. We're not going to see
it all. We're not in that part of the country. It's supposed to show up for us like at 10
something in the morning. Okay. Um, well, and I normally start my shift like around 10 30.
So I put in for like 45 minutes so that I could enjoy the view. It is a historical moment of
sorts, I suppose. Get to work, get coffee, do my job, and then go to the doctor. Go shopping for
plants. A total eclipse of the sun. I just, I really wish more than anything, I was going to
be on that boat where Bonnie Tyler is going to sing total eclipse of the heart during the eclipse.
Because like, look, I don't want to get too much into the fuckery of what's going on in the world
right now. Cause you all have a TV or an internet. You see like all this like crazy shit going on.
But like when I saw that story on Twitter come through where it's like, Bonnie Tyler is going
to sing total eclipse of the heart during the eclipse. I actually, I literally had that moment
of at least something somewhere is the way it is meant to be. You know what I mean? Like it's the
only good news I read all fucking week. Uh, Loki, are you doing anything for the eclipse stuff
tomorrow? I didn't really look at it. I don't have any glasses to see it. I mean, don't look at it
directly then. That means Loki is doing low key observation. Get out. No, I'll just stare at the
sun anyways. Cause I don't give a fuck. I'll wear sunglasses. I'll wear two pairs of sunglasses.
That's not going to be enough. You're going to go blind. You'll shoot your eye out.
Um, I'm actually, um, use your phone. That's what Jamie was suggesting. Yeah,
you can use your phone. You just can't use like an actual legit viewfinder because it will still
magnify and be direct sunlight. But, um, I'm considering getting like, I was trying to look
for welding goggles and everywhere except for Harbor freight was sold out, but even Harbor
freight wanted like 30 bucks for, well, for I was just checking online to see where some,
I'm sure they like the stores around here. Probably like the apartment stores and stuff.
Everybody sold out air, but everybody's got a piece of paper with like shit on. I mean,
come on. And they probably cost 10 cents to make and they're selling them for five bucks.
America. That's just capitalism. Uh, anyway. Yes. I, I'm with tiger claw. I think
nasa.gov will broadcast the eclipse. I'll just let the professionals handle it and I'll watch
on the telly on my 4k monitor. I'll watch the clips in 4k when I get home. There you go. I'll
watch the highlight reel. All right. Anyhow, we got to get into some other gaming news. We're
going to do some rapid fire news. Uh, Loki. All right. So there's a game that was on Kickstarter
finally made it out to early access on steam. And I think it's out now. I think it's out of
early access, but we happy few. It's a game that they kind of teased also during the Xbox conference.
And I think even the PlayStation conference during E3, well, uh, it is going to be coming out now,
uh, next year in 2018 being published by gearbox on April 13th is when you can expect that we
happy few. And for those not familiar with it is kind of this weird, um, almost like a Bioshock
type game set in the, like the sixties in this town where everyone's taking, uh, like these,
I want to say they're called like joy. It's like a drug to make them forget some tragic thing that
happened. And apparently you're a person that's not taking joy and they're out to murder you
because you're off your medication and fun. So it's like kind of a survival game, but like,
it's very, very creepy and British. So check it out. That's coming out next year. Um, of course,
you know, the, uh, PC version I think is out now, at least in early access. Uh, so you can
check it out now. I have it still and played it, but, um, so one of the games that's, you know,
they've been showing off that I'm just not getting into is as Marvel versus Capcom infinite.
And one of the problems with Marvel versus Capcom infinite was also that some of the player models
were a little weird looking based on the last trailer. So like one of those characters,
of course, was, uh, the model for Chung Lee. And it was just that the trailer before last,
which is all jacked up looking like, it's like, what the fuck did you do to her face?
Like, it's just all wrong. Um, so everyone's like, oh, this is going to be like a fucking,
you know, Mass Effect Andromeda situation where it's just all fucked up and rushed.
Thankfully there has been a new trailer to come out and it looks like they have corrected the
issue and fixed the model. So wait, wait, wait. Capcom's listening to feedback. I know it's
crazy. Now is the time to tweet them. Mega man, Mega man, Mega man. So, and then of course,
I guess Dante was another one that they, um, have kind of fixed as well. So
Capcom doing plastic surgery on, uh, on your video game. Favorite, you know,
on all your faves, favorite heroes. Yes. All right. Uh, this next story came from our
discord, uh, active submitted this on discord and you can submit stories throughout the week
too, over at our discord, vog, network.com slash discord. Now I'm apparently this is
something that happened in Mexico where it's where active is from. And, uh, did you know
office Depot apparently like gives away video games and stuff. I didn't realize this.
I think what it is is that these, these cards that had overwatch codes on them were meant for
new computers. I think that's what it was. And, and office Depot certainly sells computers,
but I just usually they sell office computers that probably can't, well,
overwatch doesn't take that much. Yeah, yeah. Well, anyway, apparently there was some weird
type of thing happening where for a little bit anyway, office Depot actually, uh, was
selling with the purchase of any HP ink cartridge, which, um, went as low as $6,
you actually got a full game code of overwatch from HP Hewlett Packard and office Depot.
And I can't play this on this printer. Well, apparently people like totally took advantage
of that system and got like 20 game keys. There's a picture on Reddit of just like a bag full of
keys and active confessed when he submitted this on discord that I may have, I may have gotten a
copy this way. So, uh, some people, uh, taking advantage of a little, little maybe unintended
loophole there courtesy of a Hewlett Packard and office Depot. So there you go. It does note that
the original promotion was supposed to be if you bought any computer or printer. So it wasn't
supposed to be like an HP cartridge. This would be a fucking HP computer. You got it. Whoopsie
Daisy. All right. Well enjoy. You know what, you know what though, as much as you might be going,
Oh my God, all this free, you know what, blizzard will still be selling loot boxes. They'll still,
they still got ways to make money. So don't, don't cry for them too much. All right. Uh, meanwhile,
it could be that night trap will be coming out to the switch. That's right. Uh, and this was all
through Twitter because, uh, there was a Twitter sent to a screaming villain. Think of the children.
I know us asking, how about a Nintendo switch physical version? And the response is I'd love
to get it on switch and really want to, but they declined, uh, to which response, uh, please DM me
an email address. Someone will contact you. And, uh, that was somebody, I guess, from inside
Nintendo or something that, uh, wanted to, uh, do that. So, uh, it could be that night trap will
come out on the switch after all, thanks to, I guess, a missed connection on Twitter or something
like that. Um, but I'm going to say something that's not going to make me popular with some
people and that's okay. I can handle it. Um, night trap is really fucking overrated. Like,
I don't know why all of a sudden this game is back in a bit while I do. It's the 25th anniversary,
but I just, it's, I think it's okay if it doesn't come out on the switch. It's all right. I'll live
my life. Think about the possibilities here. As we were talking about earlier, show girls and
the really shitty drawn Ms paint, you know, bras and panties. Oh God, here we go. What if, what if
you tap your amiibo on there and you have really shitty drawn, you know, Mario and you know,
inklings and Zelda, you can have the fucking master sword in that game drawn in all its Ms
paint glory. Thanks to Nintendo switch. Can't do that. Ain't fucking other console. I'll tell you
what. Well, Loki, I got one thing to say about that game of the year. So I'm buying 10. I'll
go to office Depot to get night trap on switch. Jamie, what do you have for us tonight?
Just the sadness that I realized that there was a sequel to show girls about penny.
Yes, but she completely funded that herself. And I know this because that actress, I thought you
were there that year. Weren't you there the year that penny was at the annual show girls screening
in the Castro. And she was pushing the sequel because, uh, she like financed it, started it,
produced it because when you're her, that's like the one famous thing you ever did was be in show
girls. So she has to milk it for all it's worth pool thrashing, because that's really, that's
going to be the decider. I must confess as I've seen the original show girls movie like 50 times.
And many of those with Jamie, by the way, I have never bothered to watch pennies from heaven.
Apparently parts of this, parts of the movie parodies, the original
and it's actually, um, some people say it's actually a decent movie.
It can be full on jaws at that point. I'll, I'll watch it. I'm seeing, I'm seeing in
chat over at live.com. Slidekick says, have we, how have we not had a show girls to party? Anyway,
you don't know. It's a reason. Okay. Now it's like it going to a Facebook post that nobody
else has seen besides you and I, uh, and maybe some other mutual friends of ours.
Now we have a reason for the Hello Kitty ice cream cake.
Pennies from heaven and Hello Kitty ice cream cake game buoy cross O L R. We're
going to make it happen. All right. Anyway, is it time for my news? Yes, it is. Okay.
So there are going to be, um, some, uh, uh, KOF stuff happening. We like King of Fighters,
King of Fighters 14. Wait, 14 already came out, didn't it? Yeah. Apparently there's going to be
some updates and then there's talk about King of Fighters 15 on the horizon.
This series that would never die. Dude, I like King of Fighters. Well,
I remember when the first one came out, I was like, Oh my God,
it actually is fatal fury characters and it doesn't suck. Um, also discord. I now have a new
bit of like for discord. You know why, you know, you finally joined the vog network discord. No,
I haven't actually button girl because there are banning Nazis. I'm not going to call them the
fucking outright. I'm going to fucking call them Nazis. They're getting banned, no longer supported.
Just remember they're Nazis. The old, right. They're not see the old, right.
I, I, yeah. All right. That's, that's fine. They're terrible people. Yes. They suck at
being humans. Yes. They should not exist. They should. You remember that something hard and
sandpapery. Yes. They should take that thing, grind it up, put it in liquid nitrogen and
shove it down their throats. So anyway, discord. Yes. Yes. Um, discord has been great for Pokemon
go rating sometimes and discord. It's not discord's fault when it's not, it's the people
and discord has said, fuck you. We're not hosting you piss off, right? Because yes, yes, there is.
There is freedom of speech in the constitution. However, freedom of speech is not freedom from
consequence and discord is a privately owned company and can do whatever. On top of that,
the freedom of speech only has to deal with government, uh, retaliation for things said
about the government. That the freedom of speech is what allows me to say
president Trump is a douche. It allows me to say that and I will not get arrested for saying that.
Thank you our service men and women who protect that right for me to be able to do that. However,
if you decide that, wow, Rob Roberts, he's kind of a dick and I don't want to work with him because
he just called president Trump a douche. If you want to do that, you have the right. That's not,
that has nothing to do with freedom of speech. The constitution says nothing about that.
That is consequence. I just, I don't get arrested for saying, and just because you are suffering
the consequences doesn't mean people are fucking oppressing you. All right. Mom.
Guys, you know, in chat says what's a discord. It is a, it's, it's kind of what I feel right now.
It's what you feel in your heart. It's a chat app that's gained a lot of steam. I feel like in the
past like six months. Um, because it is, it's, it's, if you know of Slack, well, I guess honestly,
the easiest way for me to say it, it's a modern day IRC, which I know is ironic because our chat
room that you guys are using right now is in IRC, but there's a reason why it's old timey.
I know there's a, we're all old, everybody behind VOG networks pushing 40 in one way or another.
So there's that. And, uh, you know, just the fact that, you know, IRC works if it ain't broke,
don't fix it, that whole sort of thing. But discord, you're explaining it because it is
kind of a newer version of that, a modern version of that, but it has integrated voice chat.
And the thing that I really like about it is that it's on the web and it's on your mobile phone.
Same, same across both sides. And that includes the voice chat, which apparently soon is going
to be video chat, which is going to be another big thing. Um, so it's been huge for organizing
raids and Pokemon go. And another place where discord is finding a lot of success right now,
Nintendo games, since Nintendo has kind of, you know, let's, let's be real. They dropped
the fucking ball on the splatoon thing. And I don't think anybody is hardly using the official
app. People are using discord to arrange matches and then chat during said matches, because,
you know, you can switch to another app and not lose the discord voice chat.
So that's one place I think discord has been gaining a lot. I think thanks to Pokemon go,
thanks to Nintendo, thanks to, you know, certain other gaming things, uh, it's been gaining a lot
in the gaming community and you'll probably find out about it sooner rather than later. And again,
I'm going to kind of say, if you're not on the VOG network discord, what a perfect opportunity
for you to check it out. And I think it is available in a web-based client too. If you're
like, I don't want to download, I don't want to do all that stuff. You then I think they just
rolled out a web-based thing, so you don't even have to do that. So, um, you have options. There
you go. So, all right. Yeah. SGL 100 Matt says I'm a big fan of Slack, but discord fits better
with VOG. Yeah. I like Slack too, but you know, what's awesome about discord. It's free and slack
it slack has a free version, but there's limitations. Uh, we use, when I was, um,
increasing a lot more, we Slack for that. And, um, it's limited. Like once you get to 10,000
messages, which believe it or not, you can hit that a lot sooner than you think on your server,
like you start losing it. And we were having a lot of problems with space because people were
uploading pictures, a lot of pictures, which, you know, you want to share pictures and all
that stuff. Right. Uh, but we were like filling up that the Slack server, so it, it can be
irritating. So, and Bobby Black Wolf says I use Slack for work. I don't want to use Slack for my
fun stuff too. Well said. All right. Uh, let's move on. Let's travel around the world and check
out what is in stores being released this week. Loki. All right. Um, so we do have some stuff
coming out this week. Uh, we've got starting off with, um, chroma gun on PlayStation four, uh,
mages of miss Australia on PlayStation four, uh, Minecraft story mode on Nintendo switch,
the escapists two on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one uncharted lost legacy on PlayStation four,
a white day, a labyrinth named school on PC and PlayStation four, and then a lost child
on PlayStation four and Vita. And then finally we've got, let's see at F1 2017 PC PlayStation
four, Xbox one Madden NFL 18 on PlayStation four and Xbox one. And let's see Naruto Shippuden
ultimate ninja storm legacy on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one. And last but not least one
piece unlimited world red deluxe edition on PC and PlayStation four. That is it.
Let's travel to Japan and check out some of the releases there. Uh, in Japan this week,
a game called Shin Yoma Wari from Nippon Ichi is coming out this week. That's available in two
additions in Japan. Uh, also coming out this week from compile heart Shin Jigen game Neptune
Veer victory to realize is out this week. That is also a PlayStation VR game. So you can check
that out. Uh, and then there's a few other games too. The lost child is out in Japan this week,
as well as white day, a labyrinth named school. Yes. Sometimes school felt like elaborate to me.
This game looks like it might be more like a horror game. Yeah. It's a first person
Korean survival horror considered by many be the scariest game in history. Ooh,
I did not. Do you know this game? I don't know this game. White day,
a labyrinth named school. Apparently some cult classic first person Korean horror game
that's being remastered here this week. Oh, neat. It was on my list. Cool. All right. Maybe that's
something I'll have to ask my horror game fans about. See if that's something to know. Uh, yeah.
MXC says it first came out in 2001. So that's okay. This is a very old game getting an update
there. So that's neat. Uh, MXC says it's the remake coming to PS4 and PC. Well, that's cool.
All right. Uh, the Vita still has releases in Japan. And this week we have Futagosa no paradox,
starry sky autumn stories, as well as the lost child is there as well. And
Shim Yomawari is out on the Vita as well on the Nintendo switch. It has a release this week. Yes,
it does. One piece unlimited world. Our deluxe edition from Bandai Namco is out this week and,
uh, kind of a big deal monster Hunter double X. The Nintendo switch version is out from Capcom
on August the 25th, a day later. So check that out. Uh, looking at the 3DS, uh, nothing new on
the 3DS this week. And that's probably because of monster Hunter kind of monopolizing the Nintendo
releases this week. All right. Let's move on to the UK dark Sakura. We have on the 21st thimbleweed
park, um, for PlayStation four on the 23rd bleed for the Sony devices, um, being the PS4 pro and
the PS4 on the 24th, we have bleed for the X-Box systems, um, cook serve delicious two for PC
path of exile for X-Box one Minecraft story mode for switch on the 25th. We have F1 2017 on a bunch
of stuff and Madden NFL 18, blah, blah, blah, blah, nothing, nothing to get too excited about
this week. She's turned into the parents on the Charlie Brown Thanksgiving special. All right,
let's get to the mailbag and listen to your what, what was, but we'd love to hear your what,
what was, so we're going to hear them now participate at orange launch radio.com
is the place to send your emails. Oh, but before we get to emails, I have a couple of
quick things I need to say. So I got an email that we're not going to read tonight because I
think it was a personal email. I'm not sure it was meant for air, but thank you for that
actually responded personally to that person and, uh, said what I want to say. Um, however,
that email made me realize, cause they said, I tried to contact you through the website and I
was like, what do you mean? You tried to wait a minute. And I was like, it's not fog network.
That one works. Oh shit. It's the orange on radio site. And I went on, I looked,
Oh my God, the contact us forum on the orange on radio website was sending everything to mailbag
the old address. So for how long has it been since we switched like two years ago?
How long has it been since I've kept his website? Yeah, well that's another issue.
And how many emails do we miss again? Again, I would really love to update the website,
but that's time and money that I don't have. So I'm, I'm looking at dark soccer going, please.
So hopefully that's something that can be worked on. But anyway, besides that,
so yeah, we had stuff going back to, cause there is a log in there. We had like at least over the
past year, there's like 20 things we missed. So I just want to give a big shit. I'm sorry.
May I call like, sorry, you guys, I did not mean to overlook all those things that you guys are
submitting through the website. It was an honest mistake. And I felt really fucking stupid when I
saw that, but it took this long for somebody to tell me about it. So I guess you weren't that
upset that we weren't reading your emails that you submitted on the website or you figured it out
and just send them to ParticipateAtOrangeLoungeRadio.com. For what it's worth,
I fixed the website. So if you do do that in the future, it'll be fine.
You said doo doo.
However, I would just encourage you to use your favorite emailing application, such as Gmail,
Yahoo, whatever it is you use and just email ParticipateAtOrangeLoungeRadio.com. So there it
is. Now back to your regularly scheduled emails. Oh balls, where am I?
We have like four emails.
Yes. Make her work.
No, I have throat problems. Hello, LR.
What?
I was going to make a joke and then I said, no, don't be crass.
Keep it, keep it classy here at OLR. I'm keeping it classy.
Read the email, please.
Girl, I realize that I'm being at least as predictable as a poorly written CBS primetime
procedural. But when you mentioned the Xbox Live Creators Collection last week,
certainly you knew that like clockwork and email from YYYR would show up.
Hi, YYYR.
He's also the only one who does Hello, LR. When you mentioned it on the last show,
it came across like an announcement for something coming soon. Actually,
the program has already launched. Exclamation point.
I actually didn't realize that. That's neat.
You can browse and buy Creators Collection games on your Xbox One right now. In fact,
he uses double spaces. I just realized that.
Are you okay?
Well, no, it's just they're not required anymore for electronic thing. It's a leftover from
typewriting. So it makes me think that YYYR might have taken typewriting in high school.
And that will be the email we'll get next week.
Yes.
Did Mavis Beacon-
You can tell.
Did Mavis Beacon teach you how to type?
You can tell. There are tells. In fact, the only reason I'm not in the process of releasing
one at this very moment is because as you're reading this, I'm on a very large boat sailing
in the general direction of Alaska. Is that bad timing or what?
Are you on that fucking cruise where Bonnie Tyler is going to sing? Because if so,
I'm so jealous. I'm so jealous.
You will, however, see a couple of my titles up there very soon.
The first two will be Falling Plus and Pixel Poops. Yes, you will soon be able to experience
Pixel Poops and stunning 4K.
Yes.
Or something like that.
The game simulates a resolution of about 12 by nothing anyway.
Even better, I plan to release it such that you can play it for free
and pay 99 cents only if you want to, which seems to be an option in the store.
99 cents every time you have to go to Taco Bell. I mean,
taco restaurant.
Whatever he called it in the game, yeah.
Could call it Toxic Hell.
Burrito Horn.
But I didn't-
Burrito- I like it. Burrito Horn.
Uh, I really like though that it allows you to do this where it's like you get it for free,
but pay if you want.
Chimichanga, cowbell.
Moving on.
Oh, and Bobby Blackwolf says Bonnie Tyler's cruise is on the East Coast,
so YYR lives to see another day. However, if he is on the boat tomorrow,
that means he's going to be out there when the eclipse happens. That's pretty fucking rad.
So, pictures or it didn't happen.
Sorry, am I boring you, Dark Sakura?
No, I- I got four hours of sleep last night.
I understand. All right.
It was terrible because I'd listen to Dan Snore the whole time.
I don't know what that's like.
One of the- I just- I just punch him and he stops for like five seconds.
One of the really cool things about the Creator's Collection is that you can use many different
popular frameworks to produce your games, such as Mono Game, the free and open source version of
XNA, the popular Unity, and several others.
I didn't hear you say ZZT, so I don't know.
Seriously, people will check it out. That means you two Loki, eventually.
I just- as soon as my brain decides to cooperate with whatever other part of my brain is saying,
goddamn it, program something, then yeah, we'll be on board.
But apparently I have a brain separation where it's like, no, I want to watch YouTube.
And that's just not happening. It's like my wife is in my brain.
You may continue.
Are you sure?
I think so.
Loki is not allowed to interrupt you.
Now you did it!
Loki is not allowed to interrupt you. I can do it whenever I want.
Bitch.
Loki is not allowed to interrupt you until he programs something.
For every line of code, he may interrupt.
All right, anyway.
All right.
Quiet! All right, go ahead.
I'll end with two quick things.
One, if you enjoyed Sonic 3 & Knuckles back in the day,
and yet are on the fence about buying Sonic Mania,
you seriously should just buy it.
It's essentially the direct sequel to Sonic 3 & Knuckles.
I'm not going to say, if you like Sonic on Genesis, you will love Mania,
but the three numbered Sonic games on Genesis all played a little bit differently,
and everyone has their favorites.
But if you liked Sonic 3 & Knuckles, you will love Mania.
That I can say with certainty.
Drop the 20 bucks, put on your red shoes, and get running.
Agree.
Thing number two, and that is for Rob, if they have internet where you're-
Oh, well, thing number two, and that is-
I don't know if I should read this part.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Is it-
Does it have to do with last week's intro?
Yeah.
Let's-
Go ahead.
It's fine.
I can handle it.
Okay.
Thing number two, and this is for Rob,
if they have internet where your mom is,
I can personally guarantee that she loved the intro.
I did too.
And I hope to see your smile in New York area at some point next year.
Take your time.
Thank you for that.
I appreciate it.
Hugs, Aaron YYR, with a big legal disclaimer at the end.
He's sent from a work address.
I ain't reading that.
Sent from a work address.
What are you doing emailing people from work, dude?
Come on, Noel Gustin Chat says Dark Sakura's sass meter is going up and up.
Well, she wants to finish her damn emails so she can get back to Facebook or whatever it's alt-tabbed on.
Seriously.
You know what's great about being a woman right now?
I can put the mic on my boobs and I don't have to use my hands.
I can do that too.
Oh, wait.
I shouldn't brag about that.
Remember that time I put a beer in my shirt and it exploded in my face?
That wasn't a man.
Apparently we're all sharing stories we shouldn't be tonight on OLR.
That was funny because I was really drunk.
It was at Amanda and Tom's wedding.
Anyway, I'm just feeling like reminiscing.
Next email.
I was trying to.
Fuck.
I should have had this ready for your return, but last month or so Level 5 released a new
Professor Layton game for mobile.
It's $16 price point would be irresistible for a 3DS game.
I do not currently have a 3DS, but I've yet to pick it up myself.
I did, however, redownload their last title Layton Brothers Mysterious Room.
It's been over four years since I played that on my fourth gen iPod touch, and so I had
fortunately forgotten most of the plot points.
It plays more like a Phoenix Wright game than a Layton game, a Professor Layton game, which
isn't really that bad a thing.
Each of the cases, save for case zero, which serves only to set the scene of the game,
involves examining a reconstruction of a murder scene to find clues used to find inconsistencies
in suspect statements.
All in all, a pretty engaging title, lasting about ten hours.
I have seen footage of Layton's mysterious journey, which has full animation and voice
acting, which Mystery Room does not.
I'd give Room around four out of five, and will probably purchase Journey sooner rather
than later.
Robert M.
P.S.
As a hopelessly geeky pun, how did Bob Marley mod his computer games?
He edited the INI file.
Okay.
Boy, you're all a bunch of comics tonight here at OLR, aren't you?
Anyway, thank you for that brief review.
Uh, we have another one from Y-Y-R, doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Hello, LR, again.
Thank you, again.
I listened to the end of last week's show after sending my email, and then heard you
mention Tempest 4000, so here's another one.
You may recall a Jeff Minter game that came out for Vita called TXK.
Yes, I have it.
It's so good.
It was basically New Tempest.
Then you may recall that he was working on a PS4 and VR versions of TXK, and that Atari
sent Jeff a cease and desist letter before it could be re-released.
There's strong evidence, including recent tweets from Minter himself, to suggest that
Tempest 4000 is just a rebranded TXK.
So they kissed him ate up.
Perhaps with some slight modifications.
Not that this is bad news.
TXK is fantastic.
Yes, it is.
So if you want to know how the New Tempest is going to look, it's going to play, etc.,
then just play TXK.
And when it comes out, you should buy it.
Just saying.
Okay, that's it for me this week, I promise.
Have a great week, Aaron Y-Y-R.
If I can find a duster for my Vita, I will.
You know, we've been playing it on our PSTV.
Oh, right, because you have that whole thing, sure.
Yeah, I have that somewhere.
Remember those things?
I don't know where it is, but it looks really good on our TV.
So last email.
Good evening, OLR.
I hope you three are doing well.
Welcome back.
I've been I've been missed you guys.
What was the voice change all of a sudden?
Like all of a sudden you became like the operator when I call the 800 thing.
Hello, and thank you for emailing, OLR.
To reach an operator, press zero.
To proceed for reasons.
All right.
Okay, about two months ago, I had sent an email to you guys regarding the Xbox One X reveal at E3.
I stated that I'm better off building a PC than getting the console.
Well, I wound up preordering the Scorpio edition of the Xbox One X.
Congrats on getting it.
I guess it's more of a case of I want to latest and greatest.
I'm I'm reading it verbatim.
However, I did rebuild my PC, and that's pretty damn nice as well.
Guess you can say I'm future proofing everything in this mofo.
I watched the Xbox Game Cons conference earlier today, and it was pretty much a cringe fest
filled with crappy jokes, awkward ass singing, trailers we've seen, we've all seen before,
and the annoying world premiere announcement and so forth.
Sitting through all of that just to hear a five minute preorder announcement for the X is just baffling.
Lastly, I wound up getting a Res Plus, a Nintendo clone with an HDMI output.
I wound up returning it back to Amazon due to game incompatibility,
no support for flash carts, and inaccurate sound.
Avoid.
That's too bad.
Hope you guys are doing well.
Take care.
Tristan.
Thank you for the email.
I didn't think the event was that terrible, but I also only watched 15 minutes of it.
When I started to see trailers that they've already shown us, I turned it off.
And I was like, I've seen enough of this to get my mix pot from Mixer.
My favorite though, unlike, you know, it was World Exclusive Trailer.
It's like an advertisement for the Xbox One X.
It's like, who cares?
This is stupid.
I get you.
World Exclusive Trailer.
It's like, okay.
Well, it is interesting.
So our emailer here is how to change a heart.
Had previously decided I'm going to go PC route, but I got to, despite the fact I hated
that conference, I just tempted to buy an Xbox One X anyway.
So Microsoft didn't really use with user.
But anyway, all that, all that aside, um, it did remind me of something we didn't really
bring up during the opening segment tonight that I kind of wanted to address.
And that was the whole, who is the Xbox One X really for?
Because I know Loki and I are sitting here going, well, you know, we're just more into
the PC side of things.
Why do we need an Xbox One X?
But you know, we're also geeks who build computers and have top of the line computers.
Not everybody has that.
So is there a large, is there a large enough audience for people that are like, I don't
need a PC.
I don't want to spend money on a PC, but I want to play Madden and 4k.
Is that a 4 or whatever?
Is that audience going to be there?
Yeah, I think there'll be some people that I don't think it's going to be as big right
now, because look at, like, for example, look at the PlayStation 4 Pro.
I mean, I don't think there's really been a lot of like, you have the Xbox One at, you
know, S that's out there now.
And you can buy that if you don't have a 4k television or something, then you don't really
need that cutting edge technology.
And honestly, like, I think the differences between the 4k presentation and what they
have available, it's a, it's a great system, but I don't really need that right now.
Cause I have nothing to display it on.
Like my monitor on my laptop is 1080.
That's, that's all I'm going to get out of that.
My TV is 1080.
Yeah.
I don't need to buy all this extra horsepower to pump out a little extra detail.
It's just not worth it.
Like that's why I'm not getting a pro pro for me.
It would be good for like VR, but I don't really want to sync anymore in the PlayStation
VR because I'm cautious that they're just going to release a new version of it like
in probably years time.
So I don't know.
All right.
Well, thank you for the email nonetheless.
And let us know what you think of the Xbox One X once you get your hands on it, since
you got one of these little project Scorpio ones that are already gone.
So, all right.
Well, I guess that's good for Microsoft that they went that fast.
So there clearly is an audience for this.
So we'll see.
We'll see what develops.
All right.
Thank you for the emails.
Again, if you want to email us, participate at orangelandradio.com.
And now the website's fixed too after all these years.
So participate after at orangelandradio.com.
Let's get to some more news stories so we can get to Skype calls in just a little bit.
Five stories, then Skype calls Orange Lounge Radio on Skype all in word.
But first, Loki.
All right.
So Kojima.
So he was talking about how Konami kind of when he was working for Konami back before
they decided to be back in my day, super assholes about everything.
They decided that they would let him work on kind of whatever he wanted to work on.
So, you know, it was.
It kind of freeing that he was able to work on different projects, mainly, you know,
Mel, you're solid, you know, but of course, you know, other games that he worked on as well.
Why is this page not working?
OK, here we go.
But they were saying, you know, whenever they, you know, he would pitch a plan or budget,
they would tell him, yeah, it's OK.
I guess it's just at some point they decided that it wasn't OK.
And then that's when all this shit went new management or something.
So, yeah, it is great.
You said that, you know, during, you know, do the games getting bigger, more systems,
more genres and barriers.
Many young recruits out of college are thrown into a line and continue to make small background
objects or explosions for three to five years.
So that was kind of harder to kind of work your way up to, yes, project management and
stuff like that.
You know, there is more and more staff members who only affect extremely small parts of games
while not being able to see the product in its entirety.
And, you know, basically saying that, you know, he started a small team of only five
and he had basically says everyone had to be able to do everything.
You couldn't say, well, my specialty is such and such thing.
You had to actually study, work hard, only sleeping three hours each day, that kind of
mentality.
So that's kind of he attributes that to his experience.
So pretty cool interview.
I don't know, it's neat, kind of sucks that, you know, it sounds like the company is working
for originally it was kind of, you know, more freeing, but then I guess that kind of changed
and that's why he's out.
But at least he's on his own now working with Sony and on a new game that looks fucking
weird that we had no idea about.
And hopefully we'll get a new trailer for this year.
Boy, it sounds like they're sure trying to kind of make nice and mend some bridges, huh?
Because it, yeah, I don't know.
It's interesting.
Interesting little positivity for Konami once in the news this week.
So I guess that's good.
How ironic, they needed Kojima to do it.
All right.
Well, anyhow, let's move on to PlayStation 4 updates because there is a brand new PlayStation
4 update on the way for the firmware.
So this is something that everybody's going to get.
It's PlayStation 4 firmware 5.0.
And one of the big features for PlayStation firmware 5.0 PlayStation 4 plus owners will
now be able to stream on Twitch 1080p 60 frames a second.
So the, and that's only on the pro, which I guess I'm assuming just the other bandwidth
wasn't, or the other chips weren't able to handle it on the PlayStation 4 regular.
So it's kind of limited to 720, but that'll be at 30 frames.
But this will be really cool that it can do this superpower for those that like to stream
from their PlayStation 4.
I kind of wish they would improve the streaming software a little bit.
But whatever, I guess we'll take a week yet.
Also, this is just some other minor quality life improvements.
You can switch off notifications when watching a movie or TV show finally.
And now the quick menu will be updated so you can see some notifications in there as
well.
There's also going to be a robust family management system allowing for multiple adult users and
different permissions for the kid child account, child accounts.
And this is also good.
If you are using VR, you are going to get messages while you're broadcasting in VR mode.
I think that was something Bobby Blackwell was looking for.
Broadcast in VR mode.
Oh yeah, you can.
But now you couldn't really see your messages or anything like that.
But now you will actually be able to see the messages as they come in on PlayStation VR.
So that's kind of neat.
Something they'll be doing.
Also, you can bind broadcast to communities that you own so that way when people go into
your communities, they'll see if you're broadcasting or not.
Like if you have a streaming community or something set up on PlayStation 4.
I don't know how often those communities are really being used on PlayStation 4, but I
guess cool that they're trying to link that all together.
Maybe they're hoping streamers will try to sell their PlayStation communities harder
if that feature is available in there.
Also, if you're watching Blu-rays or DVDs in cinematic mode in VR, you will now get the
5.1 and 7.1 surround sound if you're listening on your headphones.
So that's pretty cool as well.
It's not limited to just that, but those are some of the big updates coming to the
next firmware, which I believe went into beta testing for select users already.
And the rest of us will probably see it, what, September, October type of timeframe.
Yeah, I had a laugh during the week.
I saw a Twitter account sending out, yeah, we're doing a drawing for early access to
the new firmware.
I'm like, that's not how this works.
I think you can invite a friend or something.
It's like a beta program.
Like, what the fuck?
That's stupid.
Bobby in chat says, cheap plug, join the VoG network community on PS4.
Yes, there is a VoG community on PS4 and you should join it so that when something useful
for communities happens, we'll take advantage of it.
We promise.
Bring back home.
Yeah, when PlayStation Home comes back.
Now we miss it, huh?
It used to be the butt of every joke.
It would be awesome in VR.
A PlayStation Home would be awesome in VR.
It would be.
The closest thing they have, the PlayStation Home in VR is probably, what the fuck is that
game called?
I don't remember what it's called.
I have it.
It's a bar game where you play different games in a bar and you can literally throw
bottles at people or stuff like that.
But it's multiplayer in VR.
Cool.
It's like, yeah.
A sports bar VR.
Sports bar VR, yes.
That's the closest thing you're gonna get the PlayStation Home.
Okay.
And I would love that.
It'd be awesome.
All right.
Darcy, what do you have for us?
Some bullshit.
So basically Nestle, which is granted an asshole of a company because we know what they were
doing with the water during the water crisis.
Um, but anyway, Nestle did a breakout themed advertisement and Atari filed a lawsuit.
Basically they had, um, a bunch of people at a train station who were playing a video
game similar to Breakout except using the Kit Kat fingers instead of the colored bricks.
And Atari said basically it's plain and blatant infringement that Nestle exploited, quote,
the special place it holds amongst nostalgic baby boomers, generation X, and even today's
millennial and post millennial gamers.
And it was filed in the San Francisco court.
Um, the Nestle spokesperson replied that it was a UK TV advert in 2016 and that it no
longer runs and they're not planning on rerunning it and that they will defend themselves.
Um, but then again, you know, Nestle, uh, already, uh, lost, uh, a suit with Cadbury,
um, for trying to, uh, when Cadbury tried, uh, well, when they tried to trademark the
four finger bar design.
So whatever.
Karma.
It's just interesting to me that this commercial is so fucking old, but that's just how slow
the law goes.
That's not fucking old.
How slow, I mean, if they add campaigns don't last more than a year.
If they did the Kit Kat campaign with Breakout in 1976, maybe it would be relevant.
We need to sue Kit Kat for not bringing other flavors here to the US.
Right?
Like that's a fucking crime, arrest Kit Kat.
Why can't we get the chocolatory flavors?
Those are amazing.
Or like even just like the green tea and the sweet potato one that you can roast.
Yes.
Oh, so good.
Strawberry cheesecake.
Ah, I just don't understand.
All right, moving on.
A few more stories for you.
Oh, we need the sake flavor so much orange launch radio on Skype after a couple more
stories.
Loki.
Sorry.
I'm horribly distracted with the fact that I see the ultimate Epic battle simulator now
has modding support.
That's only going to be ridiculous.
Oh boy.
I can't wait.
Speaking of ridiculous Takashi's castle or Takashi's challenges is available now on iOS
and Android in Japan.
So you may not have played Takashi's challenge, which was in a Famicom game.
Whatever.
I don't care.
It was a game that came out back in 1986 for the Famicom and now you can actually check
it out on because I'm sure those games that are meant for, you know, an old Famicom controller
probably plays so fucking fantastic on a touch screen.
But yeah, you can subject yourself to that.
It's going to be available.
I don't know if it's coming soon, but they added new stage America.
They have also had 16 by 9 support.
There's also, I guess, the Huntabo language certification test, which I have no idea what
the hell that's supposed to be about.
Apparently you can share the results with your friends via social media.
So yeah, isn't this game like really fucking hard and annoying?
Dark Tetsuya in chat at live.vognetwork.com says it's fucking ridiculous.
Basically, why would you play a fucking ridiculous game like this on a mobile device?
I mean, like, honestly, like, it's like, that's like, it makes it harder.
It's like Super Meat Boy on a mobile device.
Like, why would you do that?
It makes it even harder.
It's stupid.
It's just frustrating.
And I get it.
That's the kind of the gist of the game, but it's frustrating.
Yeah, I wouldn't download this game if you're not looking for punishment.
That's the joke, basically.
All right.
Well, anyhow, one more story for you guys tonight.
And this is a great note for us to end on before we get to calls.
Talking about Twitch, another marathon that they have coming.
Twitch has been nailing it with their marathons.
They had the Bob Ross.
They had Mr. Rogers, Power Rangers.
Well, guess what's coming next?
StarCade.
I think we did address this on a previous episode that StarCade was going to be marathoned
on Twitch.
Well, now we have some of the details.
So Shout Factory has the channel, and I think they're trying to push.
I think the new version of StarCade is in development as well.
I think there's Blu-rays.
I think Blu-rays are coming or something like that.
Well, anyhow, on their Twitch channel starting August 28th at 2 p.m. Eastern, all 123 episodes
digitized from the source tapes will be broadcast in a marathon.
It's gonna be awesome.
And one of the hosts from Geek and Sundry, Erica Ishii, will introduce games and provide
some context.
I'm assuming that's because this show was on before many of you were born.
So some of these games you may actually not know, especially some of the more obscure
ones.
Now, us old fucks that were old enough to remember this show when it was on TV, we probably
don't need her, but that's fine.
Obviously, something's got to break it up, the marathon, a little bit.
So that's fine.
Fine.
Have somebody explain it.
I don't even think that's necessary.
You'll gain context by just watching multiple episodes.
You'll see what that shit's about.
Yeah.
So yeah, no, they are saying that it is running to fuel demand for Shout Factory's upcoming
StarCade reboot.
Interesting.
So check that out.
Again, now look, I know I'm not a host on Geek and Sundry or any of those things, but
I would be the best damn game show host ever, and I would host this show in a heartbeat.
Just email me and you can even use the website now to email me.
It's fixed.
So yes, I'll be waiting for your call, Shout Factory, because StarCade was such a good
fucking show.
I'm excited.
I'm excited myself for this marathon.
I'm actually a little sad.
I'm only going to be able to watch a little bit of it because I fly out of town early
in the morning on the 30th for Dragon Con.
So there you go.
Anyhow, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says millennials need information spoon fed to them.
Loki millennials are killing critical thought.
Oh, you.
Oh, he's not serious.
Put the pitchforks and torches down.
Let's see.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think one game I remember from the original airing was Dragon's Lair.
What was the game with the giant robot head that would go beware?
I live.
Is that Sinstar?
Yeah, that Sinstar.
Sinstar.
That game was definitely on StarCade because I remember seeing that for the first time
on StarCade.
And I thought rad because it was the 80s.
We said rad a lot more often.
So there you go.
Yes.
And Bob Black Wolf also points out that the reruns were on G4 about 15 years ago.
Well, that was the last time this was on TV.
So I mean, it's been a long time.
If you think about it, think about it.
Bobby Black Wolf, a 19 year old listening to this show right now, your show or my show,
a 19 year old in college listening to this show right now was four when those reruns
were on G4.
Just process that thought for a minute, Bobby.
And I'll leave you with that.
Let's open up the phones at Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call and talk about anything, or you just want to reminisce about
old StarCade episodes, that's fine, too.
I got a nice Bobby in chat.
Damn it, Rob.
I dislike you.
No, you don't.
All right.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you'd like to give us a call and talk about anything tonight, including StarCade or any
of this other stuff that we've talked about, Gamescom, Xbox, PlayStation stuff, whatever
you want to talk about.
Switch.
We still have mystery Nintendo announcements coming, but I would set the bar at a reasonable
level.
Yeah, don't.
You know, I'm honest, honest to God.
From what I saw, there's it's not even really announcements.
I mean, it's sort of like the Treehouse Live stuff.
So they're streaming Super Mario Odyssey, the new Metroid game.
Yeah, the first 10 minutes of these games, those types of footage.
Don't don't set your expectations too crazy.
You might get maybe there'll be a nice little treat in there.
Some announcements.
Once in a while, there might be like, oh, there's going to be a DLC or a sorry, not
DLC, but a new eShop game is available right now.
Surprise.
You know, there might be a cute little thing like that.
All right.
Do we have any last minute stories while we wait to see if anybody calls us tonight?
Bobby got a lot of calls tonight, so maybe we won't, because sometimes that happens that
way.
Everybody called Bobby instead, but we'll see what happens.
A lot of people are watching Game of Chairs.
Is it done tonight?
Is it over?
No, it's only the sixth episode.
Next week will be done.
But this episode, because I spoiled it for myself.
Don't spoil it for the listeners.
No, I'm not.
But, ugh.
Okay.
So you are going to be, you're going to be smaad.
No, because I don't pay attention to this show.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about the listeners who watch it.
You're going to be smaad.
Okay.
You know what smaad is?
So, uh, sad and mad.
Happy.
So sad and mad.
Film yourself one of those reaction videos.
This is the time to do it.
You're going to be smappy.
Is that what I'm hearing?
All right.
Hashtag boat sex.
Okay.
No, no spoilers.
No, that doesn't happen yet.
Yet.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get to at least one call.
I think we have on the line here.
Let's do it.
Hi.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, uh, Rob.
This is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I know a whole lot.
Um, not, well, first, uh, not to be, uh, beat this into the ground, but I know it's been
said in a champ, you know, you know, let me move my mic down.
Um, I know this has been said, uh, in chat a lot last week, but you know, since I actually
got you on Skype right now, I just want to verbally say, I'm sorry about your loss.
Um, I know losing family is really, really tough.
I believe it or not.
I've been there myself.
So, but, um, well, I really appreciate that.
You know, and it's, it's, it's, it's a little rough right now because one of my closest
friends in the entire world is going through something, um, that's a little too similar.
And, um, it's, it's just, it's so hard right now.
This is just like, I just want to take this entire summer and just fire it.
Like it's awful.
Everything about this summer has been awful.
So that's all I really have to say about that.
I'm just hoping that DragonCon and Labor Day in general and everything is just a nice big
reset button on this fuck of a year.
That's really all I have to say.
Yeah, believe me, I completely and utterly understand.
So, uh, I've been there myself.
So, uh, but, um, anyway, um, I, I would assume that you heard my call with, uh, Bobby
earlier during the evening.
Cheap plug for Bobby Shaw.
Really great show airs live before, uh, orange launch radio on Sunday evening.
So you got to pay for that air time.
No, no, Bobby's great.
Of course.
We talk about him every week.
He's fantastic.
Um, I, I, in all honesty, I only heard a little bit of it because that was right at the moment
that one of my co-hosts arrived at the show.
So we were talking a little bit about round table pizza and his, uh, frustrations.
So I didn't hear the entire thing.
No, it's fine.
It happens.
Uh, but I, uh, so you'll have to refresh my memory a little bit.
Um, well, I can't remember exactly everything that was sad.
Truth be told, but the general highlights is, uh, now God versus versus steam really,
uh, and why.
Bobby, you know, really doesn't use, you know, God so much as steam.
Oh, because the whole, that they don't have prepaid cards like steam does and his concerns
about security, which I totally get.
Yeah.
Uh, and of course, you know, I kind of took a relatively minor patch on it.
The fact that you have bought virtually every version of, uh, you know, mass effect, you
know, three, no demand, except for the cell phone version or the TI-83 version.
Oh, is it ported there?
I may have to pick that up.
Well, I've, I've also bought things on GOG.
Um, actually I was, um, uh, given Witcher three on VOG, on VOG, because of VOG wink
nudge, I was given that on a GOG.
And so that kind of opened the door, but you know, see, here's the thing.
I actually really appreciated GOG when it was the classic games and stuff.
Like I w like when Sid Meier's covert action came out, I was fucking jazz.
I really wish they would somehow get the rights to the original civilization.
I would buy that.
I want to stream that game so fucking bad.
I want to buy that.
Um, but I guess it's just caught up in, in legal issues or whatever.
So, I mean, there are, there's things like, I loved GOG when it was like all that stuff.
Now I don't get as into the newer games and stuff on GOG, but I don't dismiss it either.
It's just, it's another, it's another, it's, it's a very crowded marketplace
when it comes to online stores.
And, you know, GOG is just another place to keep your eye on for some deals.
Yeah.
And admittedly, you know, it took me a while to get out to GOG myself.
Uh, uh, thanks to you, you know, I, and you're constantly mentioning that
steaming their sales and your deals and all day.
I initially started with, uh, steamed first and the fact that they have prepaid cards for,
uh, helped and I didn't have a bank account for a while.
So buying stuff on GOG was a problem, but, um, that, uh, that aside, um, you know,
the main purpose of my call was, uh, I was going to pose this question, uh, question to you and,
you know, everyone else as well.
Um, Mass Effect 3 aside, um, you know, if you bought, uh, you know, whatever game,
you know, multiple times through whatever distributor and, uh, and, you know, why,
you know, in my case is usually now I get the steam version for, uh, achievements and what then,
get the GOG version for digital, digital extras, like soundtracks about that.
So what games have you basically double dipped on for extra features,
I guess, am I summarizing there?
Yeah, extra features, trading cards, achievements, whatever.
I just bought just recently, the most recent one, Pac-Man Championship Edition 2,
I bought on, uh, steam because I already had it on a PlayStation 4.
I bought it to a, be able to stream it and easier because yes, I can do it through the PS4, but
I'm forced to use the PS4 is like interface, which I like my interface where I get alerted
to subscribers and follows. I like it so I can thank them. I like that interface better.
So I like to stream PC for that reason. I, and yes, I will hook up the PS4 through my
capture card. It's just a little bit, one of those, like I have them in two separate rooms,
long story short, it's easier said than done, but that'll probably happen eventually.
But anyway, um, uh, with that whole thing, I double dipped on that for that.
And it was super cheap. Like it was on sale. I don't know if it was like a humble bundle
or something, but I feel like I picked that up for a real nominal price. And I was just like,
eh, whatever. I'm going to get it again. And that's, I think, I think part of the reason why
steam has come up in comp in the conversation a lot is because steam is infamous for these sales
where games will get so cheap that people aren't afraid to double dip because it's like,
it was a buck, you know, um, another one, VVVVV. I own that on like three different platforms.
I have that on 3DS PlayStation four and steam. And part of the reason I'm encouraged to do it
because it's cheap. It's not a very expensive game. So, you know, Mass Effect three was one
But a lot of the other games I noticed I've double dipped with are cheaper games
I'm highly likely to do it with Sonic Mania as well
Just because I would like to have the portability that comes with a Nintendo switch
I don't know. What about you guys any double dipping on on
Consoles or whatever of games you want to call out or PC console whatever
Well, it's like Grand Theft Auto 5
I have both on console and on PC and I because you can mod it on PC, huh?
Not so much but yeah, you can I've heard that one before I
Skyrim is another video. Yeah, I have that on both. I've got like lots of systems for Skyrim and then
Don't fall off for yet on both systems, but I don't know
I'm I haven't played the ice I'll have to go back and play that
Anything for you dark soccer that comes to mind something you've double dipped on
Um, I don't you'd have to go all the way back to like Symphony of the Night on Saturn and PlayStation, right?
Actually, no recently I have I picked up older despair girls for steam as well as already had it on
PS TV and what was the
motivation behind it just I
Would much rather play it on steam
Yeah
Sometimes it's just about my my PC versus my TV and the different rooms that they're in and all that
Act-def points out overwatch on Xbox one and PC and I'll get it on ps4 if I get the console
Yeah, me too I have it on well not Xbox yet, but I probably will eventually but I have it on PlayStation 4 and PC
and it's because
It was on sale on ps4 and I finally decided there's people on ps4. I want to be able to play this game with
That was a big part behind it
So well good questions fascinating. What was the last name you double dipped on if anything? Oh
well before
God
Implemented the whole guy conduct your thing. I did buy
You know odd world Abe's Odyssey, yeah, and I'm God
Well after the fact, you know
After the fact that I got on steam, you know, I did this not the same with Duke Nukem 3d
the main reason why I got a
You know odd world, you know, he's obviously is because of the soundtrack and all the you know
all our extras that came with the dog version and
Many reason why I got the Duke Nukem 3d along with all the
Nukem games there is because they were dope cheap the RM free and plus they came with
Extras like ringtones and stuff like that. So I can't figure what the hell
59 cents per game normally six bucks
You know, even though no poor people peels like me can afford 59 cents per game. So
When they get that low a lot of people want to jump on board
I want to get this one too in chat act Efton chat says I also have Rayman legends on Wii U
Vita Xbox one and PC lol. Well, you never get to tease me about Mass Effect again, sir
But also I should I should add to this
Something I played this week that I forgot to mention during the top of the show
There's a demo for Rayman legends on the switch
So there's another platform for react after you now get on the switch and actually anybody with a switch
It's worth just downloading the demo. It's a pretty robust demo and it's free
So you can kind of you know, check out if it's something you'd be into or not
So I think they get that game away on the Xbox gold or PlayStation Plus or something some time ago
So I think a lot of people kind of have it that way anyway, but it's worth checking out on switch
You know the funny and funny thing is you know that you mentioned the Rayman series, you know, I seen
No
You know virtually the entire series on you know
The various PC storefronts with the exception out there very first game game
I don't see you seem to see it either on you play your scheme or God or anything, you know
Do you happen to know why is it like a licensing thing or?
Compatibility thing or something like that. Oh, no idea. I don't know what it's legal stuff. Who knows
All right, well, I'll probably let you go on I'm tying up your line
Yes is I'm sure act act after dungeon buster or somewhere else. We'll probably want to call in so we'll see
I I well have a nice day. Thanks for taking my call. Of course. Take care buddy. Bye. Yep. You too
All right. We'll see if anybody else wants to sneak in here before we wrap it up
It is almost 9 o'clock. So I do want to wrap it up
So if you're thinking about it, you better do it now
Any other last-minute stories want to get to Loki before we there wasn't really anything not a lot of other stuff
Yes, there was I saw there was an opinion piece says
from destructive where they talked to some insiders at Nintendo saying that with the
State of affairs the way things are going right now because the water was kind of the one pushing
the rhythm heaven series that there's not going to be any more of those brought over from Japan and that also the
Translation of mother three is just not happening. Ah
Bitch that they they are having issues like they last time they attempted to do it
I guess they had stopped when they got to the my gypsy my gypsies
I guess is ones and it's not to do with like a trans character or something. They know how to
Represent that without offending everybody put a disclaimer put a disclaimer in the game
That says it's like they do with the old old racist cartoons put a disclaimer at the beginning
You know that says this was what it was at the time. It doesn't necessarily reflect how we feel now
That's one way to do it. Anyway, I want to make sure I grab this call because we have another call coming out
It's got oh damn it. I just missed it caller. Try to come try to try one more time if you hear me
Let's see looking in chat over at live dot vog network comm
Nintendo might try to take a wrecking ball to it. So be careful
Mmm, let's see. Oh, here we go. Good that calls coming back in. Let's see if I can grab it this time
Green button. Here we go. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey this act death. Hey, glad you made it in
What's up, buddy?
Well, I've been playing overwatch and a lot of Lucio ball
I want to ask you how have you have you played Lucio ball and in competitive I did. Oh, no not in competitive
I played enough Lucio ball to get my box and then I was kind of I didn't really play it again
I don't know. I mean, I think Lucio ball is cool
Like it's obviously got a very rocket League sort of vibe to it
So I kind of like it for what it is
But I just I don't know if I liked it enough to do it competitive
like I can't even do regular overwatch competitive because mouth-breathers just take it too seriously and it's like I'm not
Good enough like I don't want to get screamed at when I go into these matches and I'm not doing one
So I just like to do the fuck around matches where if you if you yell at somebody for we need a healer god damn
It we need a healer when you're doing that in quick play. It's like be the change you want to see in the world
Well, I've been I've been taken taking Lucio ball seriously, no, it's fine
No, and it's no and there's nothing wrong with that act F
Do what you enjoy if you can handle it and you're having fun with it fucking more power to you. I'm excited for you
How's it going for you? You do you that's right you do you how?
How is it going for you?
I'm diamond ranked
So yeah, I've been doing really great. But the thing is and talking about
Teammates not doing that. Well, and I know that not
Necessarily everyone knows how to play Lucio or knows how to play
Lucio ball even or football
but it's kind of frustrating that that people know don't know the basics of
Soccer like it's
don't know if it's
Because well, I'm next I'm Mexican. I'm fine. It's football and we have it like
Yeah, like ingrained in our system, but it's right and us Americans can't be fucking bothered. Can we?
Yeah, no, it's fine it's fine drag us we deserve it
Like
The two of the team of our teammates going for the ball instead of just one
The goalie not being it's in their place
The I don't know many things. I don't even fucking watch sports and I knew that one
The goalie shouldn't leave if you if you are the player
That gets put in the little goalie box at the beginning of the match you say in your damn problem
You stay in the fucking box unless once in a while like hockey once in a while
It is appropriate to pull the goalie
But I say as I'm like, I don't watch sports, but I know some of these things. But anyway, I know enough. Okay, so
Sometimes you pull the goalie, but there are very
Strategical reasons why you do that and it's one of those things where you know
The ball is in a very particular place where you're not gonna fuck up by leaving the goal
Like there are very particular reasons why you do it and for most people you may just want to stay near the goal
I also by the way, most people know this I played I was uh
I was one of those soccer kids that played from the time
I was like I was like five years old or something. I played for like five years and
By the way, I was an excellent goalie. That's what I pretty much always played was either goalie or goalkeeper
Yeah, I also and my youth when when I had but least somewhat good health. I
Also played goalie so I know how to play goalie
Yeah, but but it's kind of baffling to see people like trying to to go for the ball
When when another teammate is there or having the two teammates like being goalie at the same time. It's like
Dude, no, don't do that. It's confusing for both of you
And you're still you're seeing this in diamond ranked matches where people don't know this. Yeah, it's like dude
How did you get diamond ranked in the first place? If you don't know how to play here's the thing that here's like wow
Here's what here's what could make the world a better place and I'll kind of wrap up on this
I think we wrap up the show here. Here's the hey, we could just all make the world a better place and make gaming culture
Better here's how we could just make gaming culture better
You know what? That's fine
If you want to give that feedback to the other players that hey, maybe the goalie should stay near the goal
But it's all about how you deliver that message
You don't get on the microphone and scream you fucking noob you fucking dipshit noob you fucking goal fucking noob
Go to the fuck. How would one fuck the goal?
Isn't it kind of it's a hole you know, you you don't have any big hole though
You don't do that on the microphone. You just say hey
Could you go you know, since you were the player that was dropped in front of the goal
You could you protect the goal cuz you know, we'll probably get a point if you could do that, you know
There's just better ways to deliver messages than the way people do it sometimes in gaming culture
So I'm just that's all I'm gonna say maybe I would play competitive overwatch if people I don't know treated each other with some
fucking basic human decency
Yeah, well at least in Xbox I haven't tried it on PC
I have been nice. It's I don't get like
Too much too many people like being aggressive or being well total assholes
Even on PC the one the one time I tried it. I got a really good team
Sorry, okay, I got really good teammates that
Actually, well, even if I kind of messed up they were like, oh don't don't sweat it
Just try this
Another time and they were pretty
Understanding even yeah. Yeah, you know to be fair
Alan plays on overwatch and I hear him on voice chat all the time because I tease him cuz like I'll walk by the computer
Room and I hear him playing overwatch and I'll go diva out of Mac diva out of Mac
You know, I'll make fun of him a little bit because that's what we do
But you know, he voice chats all the time on there and he's fine
He's doing a good time or has having a good time with that and you know
I play a lot of Final Fantasy 14 and sometimes we have to help you know, same thing happens
Somebody dies I as a healer get somebody killed because I was trying to DPS too much. I'm like, oh my god
That was my bad. Sorry about that and other people like hey, no sweat. No worries
It happens and like it it's cool when that happens in that game. It's like, okay
We're all decent human beings having a good time, you know, but you know
If somebody early on in my 14 experiences had been fuck you you fucking fuck. I probably wouldn't be playing that game anymore. So
yeah, most probably it it's good that the people do play like well smart and and
Don't act like assholes most of the time
It's kind of awful that sometimes they do but it's if you can enjoy the game like that
It's it's okay and dark Tetsuya
I think on a good note here in our chat over at live dog network comm says at the end of the day
It's just a video game. Yes. It's just a fucking game
All right, indeed act after I'm gonna let you go on that note, but thank you so much for the call
Hey, thanks for having me. No problem. Bye. Bye. I think that is gonna do it for orange lounge radio tonight
We're gonna go ahead and close up the skype line and I'm gonna give a big thank you to everybody for listening to the show
Tonight really appreciate your support. If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry do please tell a friend or five about the show
Help us spread the word here at Orange Laundry do because we are the show where every gamer has a voice
But only if the voices are here for us to hear
That's he re yeah and he a are next week. I will do heal and heal but for now
That's gonna do it for olr. I'm gonna go around and get everybody's final thoughts. Loki will start with you your final thoughts tonight
I'll try to play games this week
All right. My final thought tonight is program something. Damn it
Try to my eyes are on fire right now. Well, you said somebody had to tell you that so there you go
Brain has to tell me that hasn't held the other part of my brain that decides to watch YouTube to do that
Alright last but not least our soccer your final thought if I'm not watching Lady Hawk in honor of the Eclipse or Little Shop of Horrors
Then I might stream tomorrow night
Good times. Why not? Check us out on Twitch. You can always follow twitch.tv
Twitch.tv slash or yeah twitch.tv. What's their site? DarkSakura underscore olr or
VoG network and that will host everybody
So yeah, or just go to who VoG network follows and follow everybody on that list. Follow us all
That's right because into the abyss until we have an official network on Twitch, which I'm not gonna hold my breath over
That's the best we got. So there you go. That's gonna do it for another day here at Orange Laundry do
We will see you next time
We will be back in seven days to do all over again before we take a break for Dragon Con as we lead up to
episode number
gasp
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show
Tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network
But you know, they were all still true
See you next week
You